	There are many advantages for the United States to transition to self-driving cars. The primary benefit is simply the amount of lives saved due to the elimination of intoxicated, distracted, or otherwise dangerous drivers. Computers provide a precise, safe alternative to the potential for human error that occurs each time a driver gets behind the wheel. In addition, self-driving cars can save money on insurance costs and outdated infrastructure, decrease traffic, and are actually better for the environment.  However, some limitations to self-driving cars exist. These include a difficult transition to using these vehicles, cost, the failure of technology, and the potential for job loss and decline of certain industries.
	Frequently, we hear arguments for or against something with the justification that it benefits or does not benefit society.  In order to make an argument for either one of these, it is imperative that we consider the following questions: who is society, what is good for society, what does society need, and at what expense to the individual do we support the public good?
	In this case, the answer to these questions is easy. Anything that has the potential to save human lives is both good for the individual and good for society. Despite the limitations in technology, an initial cost, and a likely challenging transition, self-driving cars are the future, and they will save lives. No other benefit matters. No other limitation should stop us.  
America has a serious, dangerous driving problem. Every year, 33,000 people die in automobile accidents, and most of these deaths should have been prevented because the drivers were distracted, drunk, tired, or simply should not have been driving.  
If that statistic is not sobering enough, consider this. Vehicular accidents are also the number one cause of death for teenagers, again, the majority of which are preventable.  We know from cognitive scientists and psychologists that teenagers are more likely to engage in risky behavior—like dangerous, drunk, or otherwise impaired driving—and, while getting a driver’s license has been a rite-of-passage for a century in America, it’s time to stop the senseless destruction car accidents cause.
Interestingly enough, the Department of Transportation calculated that each person is worth $9.2 million. Like so many things, the government got this one wrong as well. A human life is priceless. Nothing can bring back a loved one who has been killed.
If you have reservations about self-driving cars due of the potential for technological failure, I share them with you. Just this past month, a self-driving car being tested in Arizona turned a corner, struck, and killed a woman who was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk. We have not perfected this technology. We have miles to go before it can be implemented on any kind of large scale. We have many ethical, legal, and policy considerations and implications to work through. However, we have the opportunity to save countless lives. We have the opportunity to save countless others from debilitating injury. We have the obligation to use technology the way it’s always been used—to benefit our society and improve the lives of all Americans.   
