	Whenever a new and better thing comes around, people tend to reject it for the comfort of familiarity. This is the case for one of the new, hot topics in today’s world: the self-driving car. At first, a self-driving car seems like it can’t possibly be practical, for how could technology account for everything that a human does when making driving decisions? However, advanced algorithms can negate some of the human error when making these kinds of driving decisions, and it’s possible that someday these self driving cars will be familiar. 
	Every year 33,000 people die in car crashes and many of these are caused by distracted driving. These could result from obvious distractions like texting and driving all the way to non-obvious distraction such as being tired after a long day’s work or finding a spider hanging from the inside of your car. Either way, likelihood is that you or someone you know has been distracted while driving before, and it may cost them, or the people who surround them, to lose their life. Self-driving cars don’t have the ability to become distracted. They have preset algorithms that tell them the right following distance and the correct stopping time. When 4 in 5 crashes are due to human error, self-driving cars have the potential to bring this mortality rate down tremendously.
	Now, while they can bring down this mortality rate, they aren’t without fault. For one, self-driving cars would put Uber, Lyft and taxi drivers out of business, potentially damaging the economy. Also, most of these cars will be electric, which can cause further loss of money through gas companies. However, many of these costs would be offset by the saving of many human lives, which the US treasury has estimated to be worth $9.2 million a piece. Also, electric cars may already be a thing of the future due to the rising need for eco-friendly resources in light of the planet’s warming climate. Some downfalls of self-driving cars cannot be disputed, however. Some of the advanced computer algorithms and technology cannot withstand extreme weather or account for human traffic signals when there is a light down or a road blocked. Also, many of these cars rely on GPS signal, which isn’t always received well in all corners of the world. Lastly, most of these cars are outside of the average American’s budget, which means only the elite would have them, but they work better when more people have them. 
	While self-driving cars may be a thing of the future, Google or any company that will make them, definitely needs to test and reconstruct models of the cars that don’t work out many of the issues mentioned above. Self-driving cars have the potential to save so many lives and so many hours of driving time, but until they are completely safe, they shouldn’t be released to the public. 
