Do you remember childhood car rides spent gazing out the window, reading, and sleeping? Those are always thought of as the good old days, but they can become a reality once again. Self-driving cars are the next creation for the future. Pioneered by Google, self driving cars allow for a safer and more enjoyable transportation experience. However, there are numerous areas for potential problems that could make them less efficient and ultimately more dangerous. Through the benefits and drawbacks, it is clear that self-driving cars will not benefit society as much as they are projected to.

Distraction, multitasking, under influence, texting. These are all situations that drivers may experience, situations that society has come to fear due to the massive amount of accidents caused by them. A machine that is highly specialized to focus on just the road and surrounding vehicles, would certainly take the human error out of driving. A computerized car is unable to get distracted, and thus will significantly reduce the potential for common accidents. Also, there is the potential that travel times could be reduced. A car set on one task, will achieve its goal faster than one that is under the control of a human. Even more, there are beneficial long term opportunities for society. Currently, a large part of the police force is tasked with regulating drivers and giving tickets to those who don’t comply. However, because the amount of irrational driving and human error will be reduced, there will no longer be a need for the police to govern the roads. As a result, their skills can be better used to combat crime areas and sources of corruption that need attention. The benefits of self driving cars are both short and long term, and will help create a better and safer environment for others. 
 
While there is the potential for many positive outcomes in relation to self driving cars, there are also many drawbacks. Some problems associated with driving the cars is that because the technology and effort placed into creating them is so intensive, they are extremely expensive and thus the majority of the public would not be able to afford them. Also, in today’s society hacking and hackers are very prevalent. The prospect of hackers gaining access to the systems of self-driving cars can make driving extremely dangerous, potentially introducing another potential strategy of attack for terrorists and criminals. Even more, self-driving cars may not be advanced enough to replace the knowledge of human mind. Recognizing numerous street signs and driving under different weather conditions is something that a self driving car may be lacking the technology to perceive. 

The positive aspects of self driving cars are compelling, however, it is evident that until there are even further advances in technology, the cars are unfit for the road. While it is said to take the human error out of driving, self-driving cars cannot emulate the human understanding of the rules and regulations of the road in different areas and conditions. The idea of travel time being reduced seems beneficial, however given the price of the cars, it is unlikely that there will be enough without human control to be able implement these new possibilities. Another seemingly positive aspect of self-driving cars would be that they eliminate the need for a police force. However, when self-driving cars malfunction, the legal issues will become more complicated. Making one of the cars requires the effort of many companies and individuals, so if a problem occurs it will hard to trace it back to the cause. 

 
To go back to the good old days of enjoying car rides and not thinking about the dangers of the road would be very satisfying. However, placing hope in a machine to keep us safe and free of problems is not something that can be considered currently. Self driving cars have the potential to be very efficient and safe, however they also bring many potential problems along with them, overall not making them something beneficial to society. 

