 Self driving cars will be the most innovative technology of the 21st century.I want to eagerly wait in line for these cars. Just think,you get into your car can sightsee.have a martini,or do work at home in your car. What an exciting prospect, These smart cars will eliminate traffic jams with the platooning effect,maintaining the proper speed,instead of the impatient human driver speeding when there is a jam.We wont have to pay for a useless cop pulling cars for minor reasons,think of all the taxes we save not having to pay them. Also no  more car insurance such a refreshing thought.instead of all these lazy humans looking for the closest parking space to shopping centers, the cars could just drop them off,maybe they would be forced to walk a bit,getting some much needed exercise There are some quirks to figure out but there are some very intelligent educated engineers who would be able to figure the disadvantages of self driving cars.Also legally if there was an accident it would be a human at fault anyway, so that would eventually be worked out. As fas as loss of jobs or displacement there are many job openings in retail,fast foods and nursing homes these workers could all find some sort of employment or they would maybe have to be reeducated. Just think of how cheap goods would be instead of depending on a dumb uneducated truck driver delivering the self driving car would and it could go for 24 hours.Great for the environment less trucks on the road! The educated would be able to afford the cars in the beginning,however as with all technology, the price would come down ,making them more affordable to the masses.also a crippled person could just hop in a self driving car to go to all those doctors appointments.No more of these access buses clogging up our city streets. The smart self driving cars with there algorithums would be perfection,would eliminate accidents,would obey all speed limits ,lights.and stop signs, this would save our cort system so much time and money. We wouldn't be dragged into court for these matters ,and,most exciting we could eliminate the ambulance chasing snake lawyers! So vantages to self driving cars ,save us so much time and money.By the way the infrastructure to operate these cars would create millions of excellent jobs, and everyone would be able to afford a self driving car. I will be waiting in line when they are ready to drive.