As with any new invention, technological or otherwise, there is both major benefits that make the research and development worthwhile and equally major concerns that come from unknown consequences of the new product. For self-driving cars, the benefits are obvious: reducing opportunities for human error on the road, increasing accessibility to those who would be unable to drive manually, improving traffic flow, and saving time. However, all of those benefits come at a high financial cost with several unknown variables such as data security, influence of those drivers not in self-driving cars, potential failures of car or road technology, and legal conundrums. With major companies such as Google investing substantial sums of money into the research and development of self-driving cars, it's apparent that enough people see the benefits eventually outweighing the cost. However, without more conversation about the education that drivers would need to have to successfully operate self-driving cars, driver-less cars will not be as beneficial as some might think.

Though an article in Auto Insurance Center, "Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated with Self-Driving Cars," lists not needing to go to the DMV to get a specialized driving license as an advantage of self-driving cars, that is clearly not the case. 

As discussed in the "cons" section, other sources including Teletrac note that drivers would still have to be trained in how to properly operate the vehicle. Further, if a potential benefit is, as mentioned in the article, that people who can't normally operate cars, such as those who are disable, elderly, or intoxicated, the fact remains that even if trained on how to properly operate a self-driving car, these individuals may not have the physical or mental capacity to manually drive the vehicle.

The article also makes the point that over-relying on the technology could mean that drivers would no longer have the skills to over-ride the system and manually control the vehicle in the event of a failure. Thus, self-driving cars actually require more education: both standard self-driving car operating procedures as well as regular driving training.

With the proper education, one can see the potential benefits mentioned in the article: reduction of distracted driving, more time for other activities while in the car, and travel efficiency.

Increased education may be a mediator of the potential advantages and dangers, but ultimately self-driving cars is a misleading name, as an operator would always have to step in should a system fail within the car or an occurrence of an unusual road condition. Therefore, all stated benefits have their limits, since drivers will need to be paying enough attention to take over in an instant in an emergency situation. 

