Technology is evolving everyday and is a huge part in our lives as humans living in the 21st century. It is almost like living in a Sci-Fi movie. From our phones,tvs and even to our refrigerators, everything seems to be 'smart', and pretty soon, we might even be ale to put our cars on that list. A world with self driving cars might not be too far off for us, as Google has been testing cars that indeed drive themselves in certain states. But, are these cars really more beneficial for us as a society? Some may argue that, yes, self driving cars would be more beneficial because they are safer than human drivers, which would reduce car accidents tremendously. I hold with the opinion that these cars would not be more beneficial, because they are more costly, not only in money, but could be costly with lives as well. 

It has been shown that upwards of 33,000 people die annually from car accidents, and many people believe that these self driving cars can be the resolution. Car accidents are often caused by human error, like distractions. Many people in support may argue that these self driving cars are ran by computers, thus unable to become distracted, significantly lowering the probability of fatal car accidents. These cars are ran by complex algorithms that allow the car to be aware of its surroundings, as well as have a faster response time which would be beneficial for stopping. With the value of a human life being around 9.2 million, it is proposed that these cars wold save millions of dollars with the reduction of accidents. 

All of this sounds like an amazing, but self driving cars would actually do more harm than good. First, these cars would be more costly in any ways. Car accidents caused by human error may decrease, but accidents based on computer error are still very likely, thus still causing a high cost in human life. As far as monetary costs go, in the case of an accident caused by these self driving cars, who would be to blame?  Some may argue the manufacturer, others the software developer, but fatal deaths caused by these cars can cause a long, expensive, and tiring legal battle for the people involved. These cars would cause many people in the transportation circuit to be put out of their jobs. Taxi drivers, cab drivers, delivery people, and many many more will be unemployed because of these technologies, thus greatly affecting their livelihoods. These cars may even endanger the insurance job markets because the need for car insurance will be no more. 

With all of the reliance on technology, self driving cars may sound great at first glance. But, these things that might improve one aspect of human life, will severely diminish the livelihoods of others. Self driving cars can be dangerous, and will damage the job market. Say no to self driving cars. 
