The day someone learns how to drive is a turning point in their lives and the lives of their family members. The new driver has a freshly established sense of independence and their family members no longer have to carpool them to wherever they need to go. However, with this privilege, comes lots of responsibility and potential danger. For this reason, and several others, self-driving cars are starting to make an appearance. Do these self-driving cars – the “ideal motorists” who do not get distracted the way current drivers do, are programmed to react immediately to cars in close proximity, and have the potential to significantly decrease traffic – truly make roads safer, or is this a fad that will soon be out of style? Due to the education required to operate a self-driving car, the necessary compliance among a majority of Americans to see the positive effects, and the relinquishing the power that human emotion and decision-making has, self-driving cars would serve as more of a problem than a solution. 
	Between logging a certain amount of hours as a student-driver and ultimately passing the driving test, the process to be able to legally drive can be long and grueling. Requiring even more training for individuals to operate a self-driving car may be intriguing for some, but unrealistic for most. At the same time, while the younger generations are becoming more tech-savvy, older adults and elders can struggle with operating technology. How are those who are confused on how to use an iPhone or computer expected to fully comprehend and operate a self-driving car? Likewise, if a person is still responsible for operating a self-driving car, then that defeats the purpose of self-driving cars allowing the passengers to direct their attention elsewhere when in a car. The idea that a majority of America’s drivers would take the time to learn how to work a self-driving car, and be able to do it successfully, nonetheless, is impractical. 
	In a perfect world, if every American with a car owned and effectively drove a self-driving car, the roads would likely be safer, traffic would be decreased, and police officers could spend their time focusing on more pressing issues other than enforcing speed limits. However, with the amount of people that have little interest in self-driving cars, whether it is because of their price, required training, or simply the absence of their significant need, the lack of compliance with this movement will make these potential positive effects highly unlikely to see. In fact, having a mix of both regular cars and self-driving cars sharing the road could be confusing and problematic. 
	While robots and technology can sometimes be proven to be smarter than the human mind, the one thing they lack is human emotion and rational thinking. In driving, both of these play a major role. Whether a person decides they want to change the route to their destination or has to react instantaneously to something on the road, among other situations, drivers are constantly putting a lot of thought into driving. Giving a robotic-run car essentially full control of all of this, especially when it is expected to keep everyone in the car safe, is taking a leap of faith – one that may be too risky to take. Although there is most certainly a need for safer roads and more focused driving, the training, compliance and lack of human input allowed with self-driving cars makes it unlikely that they will be the future of the American roads.