         According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, nearly 81% of vehicular accidents occur as a direct result of human error. In recent years, this has caused many people to question whether self-driving technology can eliminate this risk- potentially saving countless lives. Other argue that entrusting human lives to technology will not suffice. However, it is crucial to understand the pros and cons of self-driving vehicles in order to make an informed decision as to whether they will benefit our society.
         First and foremost, self-driving technology virtually eradicates the risk of a vehicular accident caused by human error. Less accidents will result in public institutions, predominantly healthcare and insurance companies, saving money. Even further, public safety officials and law enforcement officers will spend less time dealing with car accidents. This will enable them to shift their focus towards more serious crimes, therefore keeping local communities a more safe environment for everyone. Along with this, many people value the personal time they will save with self-driving vehicles. Without having to focus on navigating the roads, passengers are encouraged to accomplish more behind the wheel than every before.
        Despite the numerous positive aspects of self-driving vehicles, many argue that this technology will not be beneficial to society. To begin, both the time and cost associated with teaching people to utilized the technology itself is inconceivable. Coinciding with this is the cost to manufacture the technology that makes purchasing it difficult for even middle class citizens. As many people would not have access to the technology for many years, if at all, vehicular accidents as a result of human error will still occur on roadways. 
     Although many believe that self-driving technology will catapult society into the future, I find that it will do just the opposite. Self-driving vehicles will be virtually inaccessible to the masses. Furthermore, if the technology fails, other drivers are put at risk. It can be argued that the time saved behind the wheel will be worth this risk, but, is encouraging laziness worthy goal to strive after? Self-driving technology promotes a decline in human-interaction and self- sufficiency as drivers would no longer be held accountable for their vehicles. 
       Conclusively, self-driving vehicles hold more uncertainty than promise for the future of society. Although time and money may be saved initially in minute amounts, the long term prosperity of this technology is not promising. So, next time you are sitting behind the wheel of your car, think about whether or not you’d entrust your life and the lives of those you love to technology. Would you?  