Self-driving cars are a adaption of auto-pilot mode for air planes. It is a promising invention for people in big cities, where pollution and  traffic are going and space is decreasing. Imagine, just sit in the air conditioned car, sleep for half an hour and reach your destination. This too without any worries of parking and the traffic. 
         Like every coin has two sides, this new technology comes up with its set of pros and cons. On one hand, we might just not worry about the rain during our travel, on the other hand, the car's sensors might stop working and car might lose its control.
         On one hand, the there might be no insurance cover required for cars because the computer is making all the decisions. On the other hand, in case of any accident, there would be no one to blame.
         This technology can be used to provide faster health care, better traffic management and closer car parking to users. 
       There is a debate that its a new technology, still in its development phase. There is no scope of error here, as it will directly deal with loss of human life and monetary resources. These cars do not have a controlled environment. There can be a drunk driver on the road, or someone missed the stop sign. A kid might crawl down the road or a new driver may miss the signal. The weather is a natural factor, which we can not control.

    After evaluating all the pros and cons with equal weight, i think the self-driving  cars are the need of the future. The most strong evident is that this technology is already implemented in air planes and Automatic People Movers on the airport.
 
 All the smart and big IT giants fully support this new technology. This technology can bring up a life-changing experience for differently-able people. They no longer need to compute on public transportation. They can be self-reliant to go to university and jobs. This will help their families too.
  These cars don't require technical knowledge to be operated. A kid as well as a old person both can easily travel without company.
     All the big cities like New York, Shanghai, Hong Kong,Mumbai where people spend a lot in the traffic can definitely utilize this new technology to manage the time and pollution on the roads.
    All these factors are strong enough to accept this way to driving. If still there is any doubt, we can consider the following factors: a drunk driver, a pregnant women in urgent need to reach the hospital, a mother with two crying kids in the back seat, an old person not able to bear the glare of head lights. If all such people are driven to their destination, we can imagine how thankful they would be to the self-driving cars.