There are many advantages and disadvantages to self-driving cars but the most important advantage I find is that for self-driving cars it is safer to consistently drive closer together because it is the continuously aware sensor on the car and not the human, who can become easily distracted, that determines how close the car can be to another car. This thereby reduces traffic while still increasing the number of cars that can be on the road. The most important disadvantage I find is that for self driving cars, the electric nature of the self-driving cars may reduce the net profit of gasoline industries. This is to say, that in becoming "new and improved" manufacturers may stray away from using gas as fuel and move towards using electricity as fuel because this type of fuel is more environmentally friendly.

It is the exact theme of being environmentally friendly by being efficient that makes me argue that self-driving cars are beneficial to society. I wish to argue that materials that make the air healthier, make the environment healthier, and then make the people who live in the environment healthier. The example allowing more cars to be on the road would make the air healthier especially if the cars were electric because the reference paper argues that this would reduce traffic and so the cars would be on the road for less time. If the cars on the road for less time, this means that less waste emitted from the energy used. This renders the air healthier and the people in this environment healthier. 
Finally, I wish to argue that the electric nature of the cars would make the environment healthier because gasoline powered cars make the environment less clean. In my experiences abroad I often saw trucks emitting black gas clouds to the point that the vision of the driver behind was impaired. When I visit the gas station, the smell of gasoline is never ignored. I do not mind the smell, but I know it is not healthy to inhale for a long time. Also, the threat of gasoline ignition is not one to ignore. I have a made the mistake a few times of spilling gas on the floor while trying to refuel my vehicle and if there was a fire nearby this could have become more than a "small, careless"  mistake. All in all when changes can be made for prevention of dangerous incidents and development of diseases, then these changes move society to a healthier life style. 

For the reasons demonstrating how society can live in a cleaner environment thereby benefiting from self-driving cars, I strongly believe self-driving cars would allow several advantages to start to develop onto society.