    With the ever-increasing number road accidents, there has been a push towards developing a technology that is safer and can make accidents less likely. Since most of the accidents are caused due to distracted driving, technologists are driven to develop self-driving cars. However, it is still not certain whether self-driving cars are really that beneficial to society.
    
    Self-driving cars offer a lot of freedom to the drivers to do other tasks while commuting. Drunk-driving will be a past. Disabled people will not have to depend on anyone else to commute. Owing to their platooning behaviour and complex algorithms to control the distance between two cars, it is believed that self-driving cars will reduce the occurrence of road accidents. Although self-driving cars offer so many advantages, there are numerous disadvantages as well. With the new self-driving technology, unemployment rates will rise, the gasoline industry will be hit. These cars are very expensive. There are high chances of technology failure and thus it is not guaranteed that self-driving cars will be safer.

    In my opinion, self-driving cars, in general, will be not be so beneficial for society. The one reason why we would encourage this technology is that it will make the life of commuters very easy by reducing the commute time by reducing congestion, allowing them to do other important tasks while travelling, reducing their dependability on others or public transport, reducing efforts to learn driving, reducing the need for parking spaces, etc. 

    However, there are numerous reasons why we shouldn't. Self-driving cars work completely on computer technology, sensors and GPS tracking. In a situation when any one of these fails, there is a threat for a huge accident to occur. If the vehicle is moving at a high speed and the sensors are not able to detect an obstacle very near to the vehicle it will be an accident. Most of the times, GPS is not very accurate. For example, in a city named Pittsburgh, there are numerous GPS trackers on staircases which are detected and recommended as the shortest route. You cannot avoid these unless the computer knows about the presence of such pseudo roads. All such instances will lead to an accident.

   Also, self-driven cars will lead to a sharp drop in employment rates as taxi-drivers, driving educators, injury lawyers, insurance company employees will lose their jobs. The oil and gas industry will be hit since most of these cars are likely to be electric. This will have a tremendous effect on the economy.

   Although self-driven cars are very promising they are not the exact solution to reduce road accidents and make the commute safer.