Self-driving cars are here. They have been piloted in Silicone Valley, San Francisco, New Mexico, Pittsburgh, Moscow, and other places. However, although the technology is here, they are not yet a part of people's lives. The cars are not yet able to drive in all weather conditions or handle anomalous traffic events, like if a storm knocks out traffic lights. Despite these ongoing hurdles self-driving cars have yet to overcome, the training of their neural networks pushes forward because once the technology can be implemented, the cars can solve real-world problems. The cars can make it safe for people with disabilities to run errands without needing to call a friend or a cab. They will reduce the number of traffic fatalities, especially those caused by driver inattention or inebriation. There are plenty of valid concerns about rolling self-driving cars into the market today but tomorrow is another story. Their use will ultimately benefit their passengers and the environment by creating a safer world.

The world is on the brink of environmental disaster. Irreparable damage has already be done, but further harm can be minimized through the advancement of many technologies, self-driving cars are one. Beyond the greater fuel efficiency self-driving cars provide, there is one feature that people do not often consider. Self-driving cars do not need to be owned by an individual. They can be owned by company, such as Zip Car or Uber. Consumers can pay these companies a monthly fee to have a car available to them whenever they need it and they can also opt in to a car pool so that the car picks up others going to the same place they are. Many people drive a car to work and home again, but they do not use the car throughout the day and they certainly don't use it while they are asleep. During times of non-use, the car could be picking up other riders. This would reduce the number of cars on the road, parked on the sides of streets, and adding to the carbon footprint.

There are valid concerns to this. People worry about the loss of jobs associated with self-driving cars as taxi drivers and truck drivers may become a job of the past. However, the job market is constantly evolving. It was not long ago when cars did not exist, ergo these jobs did not exist. The future will bring new fields for people to work in and new streams of revenue. Change is daunting, and many people are nervous about how a world with self-driving cars will function, but there is no question that it will function. People will adapt, as they did to the actual process of driving cars, and the world will be safer for it. 