Self-driving cars might still sound like something from a sci-fi story, but these automobiles are finding their way onto the road more and more. Companies such as Google are constantly testing out new self-driving technologies in an effort to decrease human error on the road and increase transportation efficiency. As with every technological advancement, though, the implementation of this research brings into question both the possible advantages and disadvantages of self-driving cars.

According to the article “Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated With Self-Driving Cars” from the Auto Insurance Center, there are a plethora of arguable points from both sides of the spectrum. The main argument the “pro” side presents is that self-driving cars will decrease the amount of human-related driving errors on the road while increasing the efficiency of transportation. Drivers would no longer have to worry about maintaining the speed of the car or paying attention to other drivers. This technology also enables drivers to have more freedom while traveling, whether the driver has a disability or is temporarily under the influence. This could result in a higher quality of life for everyone using self-driving transportation. The article also describes the “pro” point that many drivers have already adjusted to self-driving aspects such as “autonomous braking, self-parking, or sensors that clue a driver in to a nearby obstacle.” The “con” side has just as many points, though, with the main idea being how self-driving cars require drivers to give up a bit of autonomy and rely on technology. Technology will always have the potential to fail, and this could happen by way of short-circuiting, hacking or even human interference. 

While I understand why so many are hesitant to commit entirely to a world where cars “think” for themselves, the benefits greatly outweigh the negatives. At its basic level of interpretation, self-driving cars represent exactly what technology strives for, and that is innovation. Technology innovates for the sake of generating a higher quality of life and bringing efficiency to everyday tasks. Self-driving cars allow people to stress less about the difficulties and potential consequences of commuting. When a passenger is no longer on high alert for internal or external driving mistakes, he or she has the ability to reflect on any other issues at hand. This technology also provides freedom for those who usually rely on public transportation or personal assistance when it comes to travelling. This may include people with physical or mental disabilities who cannot operate vehicles but would be able to get themselves from point a to point b with this technology. Some may argue that this technology is too expensive, but as more developments are made, companies will be able to find cost-effective production methods to make self-driving cars accessible to everyone.

Self-driving cars also have the potential to save lives. They rectify the lingering issue of drunk or drug-influenced drivers who should not be operating normal motor vehicles. These advanced cars would also decrease distracted drivers or tired drivers on the road. This article cites the CDC and points out that “fatalities from traffic accidents happen on an annual basis upwards of 33,000 people.” All of the impaired drivers mentioned previously contribute to this statistic. But when unsafe drivers are taken out of the driver’s seat, the overall safety of people everywhere increases.

While there will always be the “what ifs” of self-driving cars, we can’t let that stop us from innovating. With self-driving cars, commuters and pedestrians gain an increased sense of security and well-being.