Car accidents have been a major problem in the United States for decades. Centers for Disease Control states that fatalities from traffic incidents happen on an annual basis upwards of 33,000 people. In previous years, many researchers are discovering possible solutions on the issue of car accidents in the United States. One solution that is becoming very popular right now is the idea of self-driving vehicles. To many people, this seems like a great solution to eliminate car accidents, but others, like myself, are more skeptical about this idea. 

Self-driving cars may seem like a probable solution to eliminate car accidents, although there haven’t been enough tests to determine whether self-driving vehicles are truly safe and helpful with the issue. Because distraction is one of the leading causes of car accidents in America, self-driving vehicles will definitely be useful as there aren’t many opportunities for distraction.  Another good reason why self-driving vehicles could help the issue is that it can decrease drunk driving incidents, which can save many people’s lives. 

While there are many good reasons to have more self-driving vehicles, some believe that having these vehicles are not sufficient for our environment, especially because the cost of making these vehicles are very high. Another reason why it may not be a good idea to have self-driving vehicles is because they could eliminate many jobs in the transportation industry, and the gasoline industry will likely suffer as well. 

If more self-driving cars are prevalent, this could mean that many of us will rely more on this technology, which could lead to the inability of operating any motor vehicles. This can be very dangerous on the road because if the car were to have any type of malfunction and the driver has limited knowledge on how to operate a vehicle, this could lead to an accident.

There are many solutions to eliminate car accidents, and in my opinion, a self-driving vehicle is not one of them. It is not wise to put so much money into something that does not guarantee safety for our environment. Having these types of vehicles is also not worth taking away people’s jobs. It is also not worth putting risking people’s lives, especially for those who live in areas that snow or rain very frequently, because these computer-based cars are incapable of operating at a high level of safety in certain weather conditions. Having a self-driving vehicle may seem like a good idea for right now, but if we do see more of these cars in the future, we need to consider how this advanced technology will interact with human drivers and the wider driving environment.  


