We all recognize the superficial pros and cons to self-driving cars; as well as, already have an opinion on them. However, there are some pros and cons to self-driving cars that may surprise you and even make you reconsider your initial bias. Some of the obvious pros of self-driving cars are that they are safer for the driver and others due to the many sensors and the computer the car uses while driving; a computer will never be distracted; and you could be working on something else during your commute. Some pros are not at first evident such as the fact that physically disabled persons will be able to commute on their own. They will not need to rely on others to drive them, increasing their independence. Commute time due to traffic and time wasted to look for parking will also be cut because self-driving cars will eliminate platooning and can go park itself after dropping you off. 
On the flip side, self-driving cars raise obvious hazards and skepticism. They will be much more expensive than current vehicles which means that many of their benefits will not come to fruition until the majority of people are able to purchase them. Self-driving cars could hurt the economy as many jobs will be eliminated such as Uber and taxi. A large con that many might overlook is that the self-driving car does not respond to human traffic signals. This means that if the traffic lights fail, the self-driving cars will not function properly to police guided traffic or to four-way spot.
It is my opinion that self-driving cars are beneficial to society. After reading about pros and cons of the self-driving car, I think that the self-driving car is an inevitable push of the future. The cons that are listed can be eliminated by research and more advances to the technology in the car. The only setback to the self-driving car after all the problems are solved will be that people will feel their independence of driving is taken away. Since we can eliminate the safety problems of the self-driving car by innovations, I find that only the pros are left. Self-driving cars can make society more efficient by cutting wasted time in traffic, greatly decrease accidents and deaths due to car crashes, and make the commuting experience much more enjoyable. The futuristic dream of cars driving themselves is coming and we should embrace the benefits that it will bring to society in the economic, social, and cultural aspects.