While reading the article the following advantages and disadvantages where more obvious to me than others. Self-driving cars can decrease the percentage of car crashes. 
According to  The U.S.  Department  of  Transportation the $9,000,200.00 of each human life will result into a major cost  savings of insurance  costs  and healthcare costs associated with accident recovery alone. Self-driving cars can allow the driver to complete other task in the meantime. These cars while make traffic conditions better and eliminate traffic congestion as well. Consequently commute times for drivers in high traffic areas will be decreases and there would be less wasting on gasoline. Larger cities will now be able to provide better transportation to their residents. Taxes would be decreased since there would not be a need of drivers licenses issuance. 
The disadvantages of self driving cars include, the cost of self-driving cars will not be affordable to people who are low income. Without everyone adapting to self-driving cars there will still be a loss of lives, time, and costs. There will be lots of jobs lost in the transplantation sector especially in the areas of freight transportation and taxi drivers. This could have a negative impact on the unemployment rate and the economy. If there is a tremendous amount of rain it can result to serious damage to the laser sensor mounted on the car's roof. Driver's may loss the skill to operate vehicles.
Since there are many advantages and disadvantages of self-driving cars I strongly believe that self-driving are becoming more of an advantage than a disadvantage in today’s society. Now I clearly have ab better understanding after reading the article than I had before the article. I am definitely on the side of having self-driving cars. I must construct an argument that is in support of self-driving cars as beneficial to society. Since self-driving cars have been on the market they have gained a lot better mechanics, accuracy, and algorithm. Back in 2008, ten years ago, if I was asked to choose a side of being for or against having self-driving cars on the road, I simply could not decide rather to agree or disagree to be in favor of self-driving cars”. People need to remember that autonomous vehicles will save tens of thousands of lives a year. In 2015, the consulting firm McKinsey & Company said research indicated self-driving cars could reduce traffic fatalities by 90% once fully deployed. According to released stats from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, more than 37,000 people died from motor vehicle crashes in 2016, making it a leading cause of death in the United States. Currently, self-driving cars are the best solution to decrease motor vehicle deaths in today’s society. The fact that self-driving cars can decrease police activity is great. In today’s society a simple traffic law not being followed may result into a serious confrontation with law enforcement. It is all too clear that a simple traffic violation can turn into police brutality, a police shooting, or an unwarranted arrest for an entirely separate violation of the law. 
