There are many advantages and disadvantages to self-driving cars. Those who argue for them state that so long as a human is behind the wheel, there is bound to be an accident due to the error in human judgement or distraction. Furthermore, costs are saved in insurance as more careful robot drivers replace their human counterparts. Many other factors, from the potential to eliminate traffic and congestion to assisting disabled people with their travels, are listed as ways in which autonomous driving can shape the future positively.

Disadvantages of the self-driving cars, however, are also myriad. They are composed of expensive components, with costs likely to be paid by the consumer. There is the question of the durability of both the components and the network; could a self-driving car operate should snow cover its sensors, or if malicious hackers seek to exploit the algorithm? And what of privacy concerns, as the car requires enormous quantities of data to localize itself?

As technology evolves to replace more and more aspects of society, from automated manufacturing jobs to long-distance communications, there lies a question not of how far one CAN go in replacing humans, but rather how far one SHOULD go in doing so. One key field in which this back-and-forth takes place is in the realm of autonomous driving; Self-driving cars take the wheel and leave passengers with little more than blind faith in the algorithms that guide them. 

The question of "should" rears its head here as tech companies from Google to Tesla demonstrate bigger and better ways for cars to pilot themselves. But while all the fancy LIDARS and IMUs show the feasibility of this nascent industry, is it really necessary to have the self-driving car? We are constantly bombarded with the statistics that human drivers are killed by human negligence, but what demand is there from consumers themselves?

I for one do not believe that self-driving cars are a benefit to society. By buying in we place our lives in the hands of for-profit companies who use nothing more than a "greater good" argument to completely take control away from man and place it entirely in the hands (or more accurately chipset) of a machine tied to a network. While motor vehicle deaths may be the fault of human ability, advances in automobile safety, and the laws that govern the roads we drive on, have drastically decreased the fatality count over the last decade. If funds were spent to continue improving safety mechanisms, rather than on reinventing the wheel with expensive and unproven self-driving cars, then we may find that equilibrium between technological advances and being able to drive ourselves places without over-reliance on a computer. 

Society as a whole will be extremely vulnerable if "progress" is an ever-increasing dependency on an all-encompassing "network." One broken link in the chain, and everything can very-well go to hell. The increasing ability for nefarious actors to cause chaos in society via technology was on full display during the 2016 election season, yet proponents of the self-driving car insists that technology is STILL not embedded deeply enough in our lives. There are limits to how much one can trust tech to do the right thing; operating a high-speed vehicle with life-threatening consequences is one of them.      