Today's society is seeing the start of a new era in technology, where artificial intelligence is becoming mainstream, and so is our reliance on them. This includes the gradual integration of self-driving cars, or cars that rely on computer programming to give it directions.

This can be a great improvement to driving safety, as this is potentially a much secure form of driving. Humans are easily fallible -- they can get distracted, feel sleepy, become under the influence -- and drastically increase their chance of accidents. Computers, however, do not succumb to such mistakes.

Additionally, they are able to communicate with other computers easily, so if there were multiple self-driving cars on the road, they can all sense each other within seconds and know how to navigate from there.

However, computers are not 100% fool-proof. They are hackable. They can be fooled. And they rely on more people to "opt-in" and drive their own self-driving car, otherwise, accidents will still happen.

But the thing is, dear reader, that all these cons can be remedied with time. We are currently seeing the beginning of this new stage in automation, but the idea of relying on new technology to propel us forward in society is a long-standing tradition. This is a natural process.

The more we work on this technology, the safer it will become. We will develop new software updates to prevent its hackability. We will improve upon its spatial awareness and its adaptability in order for the programs to be fooled as easily, or at all. And the more we improve upon it, the more widespread the technology will be, which will cause its pricepoint to decrease and in turn make self-driving cars much more accessible. 

There is also the concern about the start of a dystopian-like society. "What if we become too reliant on our technology and then it decides to stop working, or it turns against us?" To that, dear reader, I say: science-fiction is still science-fiction. Just because we learned how to use a calculator does not mean we have stopped learning mathematics in school. Just because we have the autopilot in planes does not mean we do not stop teaching pilots how to fly. And just because we can use self-driving cars does not mean we will stop learning how to drive.

But, dear reader, I will definitely tell you this: stick shift deserves to become forgotten and buried forever.