   Technology remains to be the nourishment of civilizations. Over the years, most societies developed new innovative ideas to make the human experience easier and more efficient. In the earlier years of our human history, technology meant wheels and ships that could safely travel for a day. Now, in the age of the technological boom, innovators have been racing for new patents that have been scarcely imagined in science fiction. For instance, hover boards used to be interesting props used in the blockbuster film, Back to the Future, to make the year 2015 seem futuristic and evolved. Now, hover boards are used to entertain the public with their spectacular, flaming explosions on the internet. Does the self-driving car have the same fiery fate? Or will it soar above everyone's expectations like the Wright Brother's airplane? 

   For starters, this technology can add up to over 100,000 dollars for the entirety of the system. The average American has a salary of about 60,000. So, that car would be worth almost two American salaries. Another idea that strikes a cord would be that there are glitches with mechanics everyday that the average person can not fix on their own.The GPS computer system has never been 100% accurate. Even human hackers could play with lives in their hands if the urge struck them. Finally, there are so many every day problems that could interfere with the potential technology like stop light failures and local driving laws unique to certain areas. Many jobs that human drivers would have been lost to computers who don't need it. In the instance of self-driving cars, the cons make decent points. 

   However, the pros outweigh the cons by far. Of course, the technology will cost more when it first arrives. Calculators used be 395 dollars when they first came out on to the market. When the industry begins to mass produce, the cost will steadily decrease if demand stays constant. Also, 81% of accidents occur due to human error. Machines have been replacing human mistakes in other areas of life in the medical and industrial fields. This area of life could use machine constancy to save human lives, insurance money, medical bills, and time if instituted correctly. There can be higher speed limits if computers typically drive safely which increases efficiency. The driving car can even take care of the needy. Now, the elderly and people with  disabilities can have cars which can save their time and independence. For instance, remember the airplane? It could barely hold one person aloft and was made of flammable wood. Now, airports and flights are integral parts of the worlds of business and leisure. Not to mention that most of the cons dealt with the loss of human jobs in the driving, gasoline, and lawyer businesses. But, the technology has to be assembled and programmed by man. There will be easier to difficult jobs that would pay well if the practice takes off. 

   All in all, the pros seem to handily overcome the cons. The cons start with advantages in the initial staging of production that has to due with overpricing, possible and unpredictable mechanical failure, and substantial job loss. However, technology can become cheaper with mass production, reduce the considerable human error in accidents, save time, money, and lives, and can improve the lives of the dependent. Jobs can emerge in the expanding field as has happened in the past. Technology needs time to become refined and protected before a life can be tested. But if that big, bulky plane can be navigated and depended on by a computer GPS, then why not the automobile?