Self-driving cars, though only recently becoming a technological feasibility, have advanced rapidly in their short time of development and have thoroughly captured the public eye. The debate on their fitness to our automotive environment and on their desirableness to our society as a whole is raging onward with impassioned argument on both sides. In this essay I will aim to provide convincing evidence that though it is not perfect, the prospect of driver-less roads would mark a definitive improvement over our current conditions. 

To start with, consider the fallibility of human drivers. On a regular basis we turn on our engines without sufficient sleep, absentmindedly forget to check blind-spots, and allow our attention to be torn from the road by the slightest of mobile vibrations. With an estimated 33,000 annual fatal accidents and overwhelming evidence that human error accounts for a significant number of these it seems incontrovertible that we should do better. Although it is not yet certain that self-driving cars in their current condition would cause that number to go down, the lack of human fallibility makes the prospect seem likely. Furthermore, whereas human driver tend to fall into a lull of false confidence when they have engaged in a task for an extended period of time, self-driving cars can be designed to improve and become more safe over time. There is no distraction, no sleep deprivation, no intoxication, and no frantic concern for being late to take a self-driving car away from the task of safely getting from point A to point B. 

Furthermore, self-driving cars could give society a method of transportation which is much less restrictive. Currently, driving privileges are limited to those capable of operating the machinery, passing their test, and -for the most part - affording to own their own vehicle. If a child needs to be transported to any sort of extracurricular event they are bound by their parents' schedules and mobilities. If a senior citizen who has been deemed unsafe to drive decides to go shopping they must wait for long periods to use public transportation with conditions that could be extremely painful or uncomfortable with those who experience chronic pain from arthritis or similar conditions. Furthermore, many who cannot afford their own car are forced to commute long distances to their jobs, health-care, and programs, forcing a de facto restriction on who may access what. Although it is likely that one who cannot afford a regular car could not afford their own self-driving car, there is nothing to say that they must have their own. The ability to have a car drive back to the place it left from could allow a much more intricate form of car sharing; additionally, the current restrictions on insured drivers that hassle any type of shared vehicle would likely be thoroughly relaxed or missing entirely for a driver-less car. Even beyond the prospect of shared cars, self-driving vehicles could revolutionize public transportation, making a wider range of pick up locations and drop off locations feasible. If large buses or a huge fleet of public cars were to have flexible routes that could give people who do not have the means to own their own car a transportational freedom akin to it at a fraction of the price that services like Uber and Lift offer today. 

A society which supports self-driving cars would certainly look different from ours. How we implement them will determine much of their success and failure. For that reason it is not a guaranteed success, however, looking at the massive limitations and problems with our current system, it does not seem to be a stretch to claim that this could bring us dramatic improvements.