Self-driving vehicles pose many advantages and disadvantages. Among the advantages I appreciate most  is the one I find most highly significant --that this technology affords opportunities for commanding automobile transportation  to individuals who otherwise might not be able to handle the wheel. This includes handicapped people unable to drive for physically, mentally, or emotionally debilitating reasons.  It also includes the elderly, and when we consider that the baby boomers are not  
Artificial intelligence  can detect risky situations, being alert to possible perils such as  objects which might be  entering the driver's immediate field. The driver of the self-driving car   doesn't need to worry about emergency situations such as autonomous braking, for example,  because the computer has the intelligence to follow the necessary steps in order to  make the decision to stop the car "on a dime."  
Perhaps the most advantageous skill in the self-driver's arsenal is parking the vehicle since in today's world, parking spaces are becoming  fewer and smaller, with less room all the time.The nervousness and uncertainty which accompanies the thought of or the need to park while shopping or performing other chores  can be remedied when the computer takes the wheel. There should be little stress when one sits back and appreciates the work which the computer has been programmed to do.
On the other hand I am  not at all comfortable with  submitting the full power of driving my car to a computer.  It is entirely possible for a computer to malfunction, and this occurrence would put  not only the driver at risk, but other occupants of the vehicle as well as unsuspecting pedestrians. .
 A malfunctioning computer might create a more dangerous  situation than if the driver were manning the vehicle himself. My distrust stems from an experience I remember from my younger life.  The blockbuster movie, 2001, A Space Odyssey, highlighted the use of computers in conducting all of the affairs of the ship.  The human mastermind suspected that the computer was malfunctioning and would need to be shut down or put out of commission. Unfortunately, even though the captain of the spacecraft was careful to not allow the computer to be within earshot of the conversation he'd had with one of the crew, the computer saw the 2 speaking, and the computer was able to read their lips, thus being tipped about the nature of their distrust. Then the computer began plotting ways to extinguish them, so that the computer, who was named Hal, could not be dismantled.
In all probability, robotic intricacies may not be a factor in determining the safety of such cars, but again, the human element can wreak havoc in cases such as hacking where terrorism is the driver!

