Self driving cars have become the craze of the  new world. Not only would they be fuel efficient and reduce the number of accidents on the road, it would also allow the driver the opportunity to interact with their friends in the car instead of focusing on the road. Transportation by car would instead be similar to a train where you can leisurely admire the view and chat with friends while you cruise towards the destination. However, self driving cars are not infallible. Leaving our lives to the decisions of a machine is no simple task. Should the technology  fail, will the drivers who lack practice be able to handle the situation. Being suddenly thrown into such a situation would cause the driver to panic and be more prone to causing accidents.

Self driving cars are the way to the future. It would greatly reduce the number of accidents on the road. As a large percentage of road accidents are attributed to human error, by employing cars, we will eliminate the human error which is the key cause of many road accidents that occur today. By taking the human out of driving, there will be less chances of misjudgements because a machine does what it is programmed. Self driving vehicles also help to prevent traffic jams. Many times traffic jams occur because of all the cars tailgating each other. They are so close that they have to keep starting and stopping, resulting in a traffic jam. Machines would be able to determine the optimum speed and distance to keep the flow of traffic on track. This combined with the safe distances self driving cars would maintain, would not only reduce accidents but improve traffic conditions too.

However, our current technology is not as accurate as it could be. Sometimes whenever we follow the GPS to get to our destination, it will point us down a dead end. Furthermore, whenever there are overlapping roads, the GPS is unable to identify which road we are on and would give conflicting instructions. GPS also do not work underground and in tunnels, affecting available routes of self driving cars. The current technology is not advance enough for self driving cars to be truly self sufficient. This would result in an inexperience driver being thrown onto the wheel at any moment notice, which would greatly increase the risk of accidents occuring. These technology to build a accurate self driving car would cause the cost of purchasing these car to be astronomical. It would be a luxury item in which only the rich can afford. This would limit the number of self driving cars on the road and affect the accuracy of driving as self driving cars rely upon information provided by other self driving cars. That means that the more self driving cars are on the road, the better self driving cars will perfom. Thus with such a high  barrier of entry and no current advantage now, self driving cars would not be a very viable option.

Overall, self driving cars are a good step ahead but unless the level of technology improves in price and accuracy, it would only be a fairytale.