Of the numerous advantages to self-driving cars, the most notable include the elimination of human error and distracted driving, which together make up a majority of car accidents; redistributing the time people spend driving to other tasks, such as reading, chatting, and eating; and providing a safe and independent mode of transportation for people with disabilities, elderly adults who can no longer drive, and intoxicated individuals. On the other hand, the price, security risks, and potential flaws and incapabilities in cases of failure of traffic signals, inclement weather, and inaccuracy of GPS mapping, upon which self-driving cars rely, all provide compelling evidence against the case for self-driving cars.

A large consideration, especially with new advances in technology, is the safety of our personal information as consumers. Self-driving cars would be of utmost interest to hackers and large corporations due to their collection of personal data. Further, because of the $100,000 price point, the benefits of self-driving cars, specifically the claim that car accidents due to human error will decrease, can never be attained. In order for self-driving cars to thrive, they must be the majority on the road, and based on the current socioeconomic climate in the United States, this will never be the case.

While one could argue that in situations such as hazardous driving conditions or failure of automated traffic signals, a quick and simple way of switching to a manual driver mode would eliminate these problems, drivers may not respond quickly enough to the situation, particularly if they are using their newfound free time to eat, talk, or read, or if they have an impairment due to age, ability-level, or intoxication, that would prohibit their ability to drive in the first place. In the case of GPS inaccuracy, which many users can attest to, a driver may not realize that the car is taking them in the wrong direction. Moreover, the situation can increase in danger if the car tries to turn down a one-way street or avoid a road that does not appear to exist in the data. 

Overall, the risks associated with self-driving cars outweigh the benefits. Despite the luxury of enjoying more free time and increased accessibility to owning a car, self-driving cars are not a reliable mode of transportation. They are vulnerable to hackers, machine-error due to the lack of reliability of GPS mapping, and are not projected to decrease accidents until their use is widespread which due to their exorbitant pricing is not likely to happen in the near or distant future.