Self driving cars are a highly debated topic simply because they pose virtually equal amounts of advantages and disadvantages. They offer more efficient transportation, mobility for all people, theoretically safer roads, and overall convenience by improving quality of life. In contrast, they also threaten jobs for those who work in transportation, pose danger in the event of a malfunction, are unable to understand human intention, and rely on somewhat faulty GPS systems. With such important advantages and disadvantages one has to ask if the risk is worth it. Society does not really need self driving cars, but given the direction of technological advances of late, self driving cars seem like a logical next step. The whole point of the digital age essentially is to improve life for everyone and self driving cars have enough potential to do that. Self driving cars are beneficial to society because their potential benefits outweigh the solvable costs they pose. 

The benefits of self driving cars are so wonderful that they diminish the argument to be made against self driving cars. It's no secret that humans are consumed by technology and appear to not get enough of it. The evidence lies in the fact that we can not seem to stay focused on the road for the duration of a car ride without checking our phones for insignificant messages and calls. These seemingly innocent phone checks while driving end up claiming the lives of thousands per year despite laws against texting or calling while on the road. Take Maryland for example, a state with some of the strictest laws against using a cell phone while driving yet it still ranks as one of the highest states for the worst drivers and most fatal accidents. People will continue to break the law as they please, but a computer will not. The computer in a self driving car can not be distracted as shown in pro number 3. For those that argue that yes a computer can not get distracted but they can malfunction I offer this rebuttal: Cars malfunction all the time even without a computer in them. I've read and heard numerous news stories about people driving and all of a sudden their breaks do not work causing them to crash into other drivers. In addition, malfunctions can be easily prevented if not at least securely managed if car companies are forced to offer routine check ups and software updates for the self driving cars. Essentially all of the cons about self driving cars are solvable and preventable problems that fail to overcast a permanent reluctance for their existence. Take for example the argument that self driving cars can not interpret human traffic signals. Embed a software that allows the cars to recognize when a light is out and a human is directing traffic. The car can analyze the human or ask the human in the car what it should do. Of course this is no easy feat but there are enough intelligent people in the world to figure this issue out and others just like it. From being better for the environment to reducing traffic and increasing mobility for the elderly and disabled, self driving cars have countless benefits that society seems to be passing up on.

Self driving cars present more benefits than costs, therefore, they should be implemented in the technology of tomorrow. If more information is shared about self driving cars and how their potential costs can be managed and prevented more people will be willing to make the switch and live a safer, easier life. The decision is simple, the technology exists, the only real debate here is whether society is ready to finally start living in the "future". 