            Self-driving cars seem to be on the horizon within the next several years. However, there is still a fierce debate to whether these cars will do more harm than good. Some believe that the development of these cars is the key for a successful future. Some people believe this because of how self-driving cars will reduce the likelihood of accidents as 81% of accidents are due to human error, make transportation more available for disabled people, and maximize efficiency as police/first responders can deal with other emergencies instead of auto-related incidents. While there are many people that support such cars, there are others that are dead against it. The main reasons why people are against self-driving cars include the difficulty of implementation, mostly due to price, and the many troubles and hassles that will arise after implementation.
            After a thorough analysis of the benefits and problems of self-driving cars, I believe that the problems outweigh the benefits. One reason that supports this idea is how expensive the cars will be to buy once they hit commercial production. A lot of expensive machinery will be needed to make a self-driving car. With a projected average price of $100,000, the majority of Americans will not be able to afford these cars. Thus, the production of self-driving cars, no matter the benefits, will not help society if only the very wealthy are able to afford them.
           Another reason why the problems with self-driving cars outweigh the benefits is the amount of disruption it will cause to society. With self-driving cars being made, such technology will be made for other types of transportation, such as trucks, buses, planes, and trains. This technology will ultimately render any human authority on such vehicles useless. This will put the millions of people in the transportation industry out of work. These people will suffer until they find a new job which is not a guarantee. If they do not find a new job, they may resort to crime. Thus, though self-driving cars do make the road safe and maximize efficiency, millions of people will lose their jobs, hurting the economy drastically and possibly increasing crime.
            The last reason for why the self-driving cars have more problems than benefits is due to the idea that self-driving cars can be hacked. With this idea a great possibility, the safety benefit of self-driving cars is compromised. Hackers can hack the cars so that they will crash or drive off a bridge. With the main benefit of self-driving cars, safety, being so easy to be compromised, self-driving cars cause more problems than solutions.
            To conclude, self-driving cars are not a benefit to society. This because they cost too much for the average person to buy, will put many people out of jobs, damaging the economy and increasing crime, and being susceptible to hacking. 