It seems that cars have always been the same: four wheels, a body, a steering wheel. They are ridiculously simple! Compare to the history of bicycles for example. If you happen to have seen those old black and white photographs of early bicycles, you will see a complex evolution, akin to those in biology! Nevertheless, something on the horizon is going to turn everything about cars upside down (well, the cars themselves will probably still remain on their four wheels, though!)

Self-driving cars are already among us fueling the debate over their good and and evil. Proponents of automated cars argue that self-driving cars will eliminate the catastrophic number of fatal car crashes because the cold-blooded machines will not be distracted by music, a passer-by, or be under the influence of alcohol and drugs. The other feature they cite is the possibility for many, or even all, cars in a certain city to communicate with one another to coordinate the speed levels, and red light waits so as to achieve the maximum flow and minimum travel times. Automated cars, they say, will allow for more cars to drive next to each other, due to their precision in maneuvering, and yet lead to less congestion. Another major advantage will be their service to the disabled and elderly people. Once a good proportion of cars on the street become self-drivers, the advocates claim that the whole society will benefit: saving lives, avoiding financial setbacks from car accidents, less fuel consumption, fewer traffic police officers on duty, etc. 

However, the opponents of the technology have some legitimate concerns. In this category there are some superficial and trivial arguments that can be refuted right away. For example, the phobia of a scenario where a car breaks down and the human driver, having forgotten how to drive, has no idea of what to do, leading to chaos in the city cannot be a real argument against self-driving cars. Already today, an average individual has no skill to get a car to start up if it all of a sudden stops in the middle of street. Such a situation rarely disrupts a whole city! Some other arguments question the limits of the technology. What if it snows? What if the road is full of potholes (such as those in Pittsburgh!)? Well, these while valid concerns do not prove the technology insufficient. There are improvements coming every day and all those conditions will be taken care of.

With the obvious criticism of the self-driving cars out of way, we arrive at some deep issues against the technology. On the infrastructure level, there is the problem of providing cyber security to such a delicate network of interconnected software that store and communicate data between cars. If, as Guardian suggests, there is a potential for hackers to manipulate such a system, then it will be a true disaster. Achieving a high level of security while possible could be prohibitively costly, overshadowing any amount of saving on gasoline.

However, the biggest challenge facing self-driving cars is their popularity. The pros listed above all are predicated on the hope that they will come in large quantities. The effect of having cars coordinate their paths will not be felt if they substitute only 2% of all the cars out there. Same holds true for safety. Have you noticed that sometimes, ironically, the safest drivers, are the very cause of some accidents? Imagine a road where the speed limit is 50, but "everyone knows that it is ok to go 60 (when the police is not around!)". Then that one guy who sticks to that 50 mph limit is the source of frustration for those behind him/her and a possible danger for everyone involved. Thus, the advantages of autonomous cars will begin to take effect only after a good portion of the society adopts them.

But with the currently high cost of these cars, and the natural public resistance to change, it seems that self-driving cars will, for the coming years, live in the margins, only triggering imagination and debates from time to time. At this point in time, we are just not ready yet to embrace them -- definitely not in large numbers.