Society remains divided on the issue of self-driving cars. Some people think they’re great: they should reduce accidents, free up drivers’ time, and make obsolete the need for detailed knowledge of driving, thus letting students learn other subjects in school and allowing people who could never use cars alone in the past (like the disabled and elderly) more freedom. Meanwhile, others focus on the problems. Computers would not make decisions and adapt in the same manner as attentive human drivers, provide more security risks, and present a large potential for vehicle failure. I side with this latter group, and my main reasoning is that there are more weaknesses and things that can go wrong with a computer than with a human.
I’ve got a little story on computers who’ve been trained to act like they can drive better than humans can. In April my parents and I were in Florida visiting my grandparents. We had a rental car and my father was driving on the highway. A car in front of us was going far below the speed limit, so my father punched the accelerator in order to pass it. The rental car’s computer determined that he must have meant to hit the brakes and hit the accelerator by mistake. So, the car suddenly locked up on the busy highway and stopped, causing all passengers to be thrown forward and the car behind us to nearly rear-end us. There was no human error involved here. No distracted driving. Just a system that has been trusted and deployed into millions of cars on the road, activating without the driver’s knowledge or consent. This “feature” is just a taste of what interacting with full-blown self-driving cars would be like.
Autonomous vehicles pose even more risks when we move beyond considering bad software that only influences how the car interacts with the driver and begin to think about security and how the computer handles driving in varying environmental conditions and around other drivers. According to the Guardian, the self-driving cars’ computers would be a target for hackers. There are so many situations where a self-driving car could be led to cause accidents, especially if the human behind the wheel has never learned to drive or is too distracted or too trusting in the vehicle’s technology to intervene. A simple idea is that a hacker can encourage the cars to engage in a platooning pattern (where the cars line up closely behind each other like train cars), at which point the cars would be like a line of little ducklings ready to do the bidding of Mother Duck, leading them off the road or suddenly slamming on the brakes when the cars are very close and travelling at high speeds. 
Many proponents of self-driving cars act on the presumption that vehicle computers have an understanding of the environment around them, and in fact would be even more aware than a distracted human would be. Sure, if they’re equipped with the right sensors they’ll know the speeds of nearby cars, they’ll acknowledge the possibility that a child or deer could run onto the road at any moment, and they’ll probably monitor weather conditions. But in terms of anticipating the behavior of other drivers, they fall short. When I drive, I can look at other vehicles and anticipate their behavior. This driver is turned around looking at their kid in the backseat. This person’s truck has tree branches in the back that aren’t tied down. This person’s car has been rear-ended several times and the bumper is being held on with duct tape. Each of these pieces of information influences what I expect the driver to act like. A computer isn’t going to look at its surroundings and judge everything like this. As such, a computer will not be as well-informed or adaptive as humans, because we will never be able to anticipate all the different types of drivers that the computer would need to be ready to judge. 
Overall, there is no debate that a self-driving car would behave differently from a human-driven one. Much of this discrepancy is due to the fact that computers are endowed with the ability to be truly conscious and can be easily mislead or misinformed. 