The forward march of technology has always been a source of controversy for society. Something as simple as the replacement of chalk and slates with pencil and paper in schoolhouses was a shift that created public dialogue. It is not hard to understand the great debate in our society today around something as monumental as self-driving cars taking the streets. The technology is exciting, highlighting our problem solving capabilities and perseverance, but the application of it in our day to day lives presents many important questions that first need answering.
     Self-driving cars have long been a staple of science fiction and our own personal dreams, but not seven years ago the idea of autonomous vehicles seemed far fetched. Now that we can see them functioning with our own eyes, we must question the pros and cons. There are some obvious benefits to self-driving cars, the first of which is safety. An ideally designed autonomous vehicle will be able to have a higher safety rating than any human driver simply because computers have one thing to focus on. They don't worried about the kids, their date, or their finances like humans do, nor can they get drunk or distracted. Another thing to consider is the traffic patterns. Humans cannot coordinate across multiple vehicles, easily maintain a close, constant distance without causing worry, or communicate with other drivers about road conditions. A self-driving car would be able to do all of this and more, which would all add together into a better traffic experience for everyone. Rush hour might cease to exist! Insurance and healthcare costs would decrease with less accidents as well, and these companies might even be forced to establish a new business model. 
     However, there is always more than one side to an argument. There are some serious problems that need to addressed before self-driving cars become street legal. The legal and moral question of how to deal with a self-driving car that gets into an accident is heavy and complicated. "Trolley problems", blame assignment, legal debates, and a public discourse must take place so we as a society can reconcile the reality that someone will inevitably get hurt by a computer that cannot be held responsible for its actions. Over time, the prevalence of this technology might neuter our own driving skills, which would lead to a brand new set of issues for society. Hacking is a genuine concern manufacturers need to have for these products. There are already high end cars that rely on digital technology that can be hacked and have some of their functions remotely controlled. If a hacker could gain control of an entire vehicle's operating system, lives could be in danger. This is all without even mentioning the serious technological problems that still need to be solved. Weather functionality and GPS accuracy are issues that still need working on. Rainstorms and blizzards could cause serious problems for these vehicles, and self-driving cars are only as good as the system that guides them, which is a problem is that system can't see roads. 
     There are so many angles on this problem that its probably a good thing we are still a ways off from fully functional autonomous vehicles. This writer sees the potential benefits of self-driving cars, but I also see the vast problems that need to be dealt with before they become standard. I like my car. I like driving my car. I don't like the idea of someone else driving my car for me. With the advent of self-driving cars, it might begin a wave of pushing our beloved classic cars off the roads to make way for a collective change that takes away our own individual cars and replaces them with devices that have no character. I say wait a decade and see where the technology has gone.

