Self-driving cars are the future. That’s what tech and driving companies like Uber and Google are telling us. However, self-driving cars present many barriers and disadvantages. Is it actually worth it to society to implement self-driving cars?

There are many benefits of self-driving cars. Humans are not perfect, but computers can be better than humans at one specified task – such as driving. Human error, especially from distractions at the wheel, is the main cause of car accidents, and use of computers will remove human error from the equation. In addition, computers can calculate when to stop, slow down or speed up, turn, and more, which is safer and more appropriate than a human’s quick guesstimate. Self-driving cars would reduce accidents, resulting in reduced health and insurance costs for society. 
In addition, these calculations could improve traffic, and allow people to have more time to do work or spend their time in more enjoyable ways while traveling instead of staring down a highway. Lastly, self-driving cars could help disabled individuals along with the larger public get around.

However, self-driving cars do have drawbacks. Humans would still need to know how to operate them, and cost of implementation is high. All of society would need to adopt the technology, and trust the technology, otherwise accidents would still occur. In addition, this technology would be at a high risk for hacking and private data breaches. Self-driving cars would also eliminate transportation sector jobs, impacting the economy. If an accident happened, who would be to blame? And if an accident did happen, how would the cars interpret human traffic signals, or would humans even know how to operate cars anymore?

Yes, there are many drawbacks. This includes the obstacle of getting the technology to do what we want it to do, the bigger obstacle of implementing this large change into society and infrastructure, and risks of fully depending on technology for transportation. However, the pros outweigh the cons. All great technology developments have obstacles in technology and implementation. All dependence on technology has risks. This situation is no different from the developments of cars or airplanes or even cell phones. We stand to risk nothing and win nothing, or reap the benefits of saving lives, reducing traffic, allowing all to have transportation, and more. 

When I think of the future, I imagine everything being automated. This includes automatic transportation, such as use of self-driving cars. Although current technology is a long way away from fully automated transportation, I am confident that we will get there. Flying in planes initially seemed impossible for most of human society, but is now done by millions of people every day. Self-driving cars will one day be the same. Even though there are many drawbacks, such as challenges in technology, implementation, and worst-case scenarios when technology goes wrong or is hacked, the benefits – reduced accidents, saving human lives, less traffic, and better transportation for all – are well worth the risk. 
