When Back to the Future I and II were released in the 80's, many people were captivated by the technology showed throughout the films. Even though technology has greatly advanced within the last decade, it still has not reached the status of flying cars and floating hover boards. As we inch closer to 2020, the idea of having such technology does not seem impossible anymore. Olivier Garret stated in a Forbes article that he believed 10 million self-driving cars will be on the road by 2020, and one out of four cars will be self-driving by 2030. Although Back to the Future II predicted cars flying in 2015, the estimate of 2020 for self-driving cars is not that far off. 

Within the past year, companies like Ford, Honda, BMW and Tesla are few among the many automakers that are pushing for self-driving technology. This makes complete sense as technology is on an increasing incline forwards and will continue to do so as long as there is a need for it. Since the idea of self-driving cars is new and there has not been a ton of research on it, it is important to understand the advantages and disadvantages before getting into an autonomous vehicle. 

Listed here are the highlights of a self-driving car: human error is reduced due to the machine abiding by rules of the state, drivers will no longer be distracted and will be able to multi-task better instead, and transportation overall will be more efficient. Being a supporter of technology and fighting for new innovations, the advantages of a self-driving car outweighs the disadvantages in my opinion. Technological advances are occurring at such a fast pace that automobiles need to adapt and keep up. It is understandable that people are hesitant to this idea, as there are some major concerns that need to be addressed before being implemented. 

Jobs such as driver's ed instructors, DMV tellers and employees of companies like Uber and Lyft, will definitely suffer. As self-driving cars increase, the demand for their jobs will decrease and the unemployment rate will rise. Although this is an important concern, technology failure (i.e. glitches), would be an even greater concern. Accidents could be more fatal and insurance rates might increase to account for that. It would not be surprising if insurance companies created more "necessary" packages of coverage for autonomous cars. Instead of purchasing the normal auto insurance, there would be a greater domain for insurance companies to charge for and the limit for them would be endless. Auto insurance companies take tons of money anyway, what is another $200-300 per month? 

Overall, self-driving cars are infiltrating our society at a rather rapid rate. There are many positives and negatives about this advancement, yet there is still a need for more research and answers. As someone who personally hates driving and fears being in an accident, I will gladly take a self-driving car over a regular car any day.