The reading provides readers with several straightforward explanations in terms of the advantages and disadvantages of self-driving cars. The beneficial side introduces the higher possibility of lower accidents due to limited human errors by applying computer systems in cars, the time efficiency from the drivers' perspective, the convenience for disabled population, and smoother traffic. However, the opposing side points out several serious issues, such as violation of privacy, unemployment, and inefficiency under severe weather. I hold the disagreement toward the pro-side and believe that self-driving cars may pose unavoidable threats to the overall well-being of the society. I construct my arguments from the stances of safety, privacy protection, and employment. 

To start with, it may be the fact that human errors cause more frequent and severer accidents than mechanical malfunctions. But how can we safely assume that once computer systems take fully control of the vehicle, and that could eliminate mechanical errors? In particular, cars may contain mechanical defects by construction, computer system built in the car may barely notice or detect any of the manufacturing issues, let alone of reducing accidents in the driving practice. Furthermore, driver or passenger may still play an important role in the driving process since people have to give commands to the computer system in the car. What if people make mistakes or push the system to perform personal choices? Accidents may still be possible under such contexts. New risks and dangers thus deteriorate the smooth function of the society.  

Second, computer in a car needs to acquire as many information as possible to optimize the efficiency and effectiveness of the driving decisions. This car automatically collects information from all others, and if criminals make full use of this function, they can escape from detection or police chase by flawlessly escaping by a car built with computer tracking system. In such a case, the privacy of police officers has been violated. But if police can override all the cars systems, will that be fair to citizens? Before self-driving car serves disruptively for the society, several moral issues in terms of privacy protection should be considered and hopefully solved.

Third, professional drivers lose jobs if computer system is the only approved driver for all cars. So do the relevant sectors including car insurance companies, and traffic guiding officers. And how should we deal with this dramatic change when suddenly unemployment impairs the stability of the society? New skills are needed, and new supporting sectors can emerge. But public institutions and government have to get prepared for the transition for its people which can be time-consuming and is possible to lead to unsatisfied outcomes.

In summary, self-driving cars as a type of innovation certainly will promote the industrial change of a society. However, we cannot assume that any innovation dramatically benefits the development of the society. Based on current technology and legal situations, self-driving cars may not be as beneficial as imagined. And we should be cautious for approving such changes in our society. 