Not having to worry about paying attention while driving is cool, but dying because your computerized, self-driven car made a mistake is not.

Washington, D.C., Nevada, Florida, Michigan and California are testing cars with artificial intelligence, and they're proving that the hassle creates more danger than the convenience is worth. While it's shown that self-driving cars can prevent accidents caused by human drivers, they don't completely eliminate them and in fact, offer their own set of safety hazards.

According to Auto Insurance Center, "The very security behind self-driving cars would be a major obstacle, especially because the technology would be of very high interest to
hackers."

While car accidents account for a large portion of deaths in the United States, adding the unpredictability of self-driving cars' capabilities for safe driving — as well as the possibility for hackers to cause accidents — only make matters more hazardous for everyone on the road.

In addition to this new technology being dangerous for everyone involved, and even those that aren't, it would also be very expensive to implement. All current human-driven vehicles would need to be replaced, which requires workers to scrap the old cars and build new ones. additional training would be necessary for users to understand the self-driving cars and what to do in an emergency.

"While the computer takes over once the vehicle is operational, the driver would still be required to maintain some knowledge about how to operate it safely," Auto Insurance Center said.

An important counterpoint for the dangers of autonomous vehicles is that they can significantly help the lives of people with disabilities by providing transportation that is easily accessible. Current public transportation methods, while allowing individuals to not have to drive themselves, still exclude those with certain disabilities and are less convenient.

The same safety problems still apply to individuals with disabilities, of course, and may even affect them more. If an autonomous car were to get in an accident with a disabled passenger, they may not be able to save themselves from the crash or even call to get help.

In general, self-driving cars will be more of a hindrance to society than a help. Not only would they present danger to everyone on the road, they would be too expensive to use world- or even country-wide. Time and energy is better spent improving current human-driven cars as well as creating programs to better educate drivers.