What do Google, Tesla and Uber seem to be drawn to over recent years? Self-driving cars. 
The technology seems to be premature for everyday life yet as several headlines were made after self-driving cars crashed, eventually leading Uber to pull out of self-driving service. Self-driving cars appear to suffer in circumstances that significantly deviate from programmed conditions, such as lack of GPS information to guide the road or extreme weather conditions that prevent visualization of the road. However, it is important to point out that these are limitations. These factors should not stop and abandon the progress that has been made in this technology. 
Self-driving cars can become advantageous. While glitch in a self-driving system is dangerous and risks driver's life, this problem is inherent in any automobiles, even those that are not self-driving. Several renowned automobile companies like GM, Volkswagen and Audi issued major recall because of brake problems, which put numerous drivers at life threatening danger. For self-driving cars, if the problem can be quickly addressed by software update, without having to recall all the automobiles. This can not only save money and resource from the automobile company but also time and inconvenience that a driver has to experience. Additionally, self-driving cars can save lives. Countless number of car accidents arise from distractions ranging from Coors Light to Instagram. Self-driving cars can free drivers from these distractions, providing safe conditions for both drivers and pedestrians. Furthermore, as any technological advances have proved in the past, self-driving technology is a utility that will save time from mundane and expendable daily activity. It can boost productivity in individuals because they can put time that was spent on driving on alternative activity. Likewise, self-driving cars can reduce costs commonly associated with automobile nowadays. Self-driving cars are automated. They are less likely to suffer from individual variability of drivers and can reduce common outcomes resulting from these individual differences, such as heavy traffic and sparse parking space. Due to its programmed function, self-driving cars can make driving during rush hour less painful or even non-existent. 
Once self-driving technology becomes more mature and developed, this can greatly enhance everyday life of both drivers and non-drivers, reliving burdens arising from heavy traffics and accidents, and most importantly saving lives. Even though some may argue that this technology will make driver's ed obsolete, if it makes drinking and driving education and its appalling videos around prom season obsolete, it might worth the transition. 