The advantages of self-driving cars are obvious. First of all, it is convenient and friendly to all kinds of people. For example, people that don't like driving but have the need for transportation, elderly people, people with disability, and people who work late and might drive tiredly etc. And, talking about fatigue driving, the self-driving cars also takes care of the safety problem. Since the computer takes care of everything, the risk of traffic accidents should be reduced, theoretically speaking. Some study has shown that drivers are the primary causes in most of the accidents. Computers could also take care of other little things that bugging us while driving such as road planning, signs reading, distance keeping and so on.  Having computers has evidently improved many aspects of our lives, just like computers have improved our mailing, banking, shopping, and now driving.

But, computers do make mistakes, and when it does, everything is ruined. The most obvious problems for self-driving cars is also safety issues.  What if the car systems just crashed in the middle of the road? And when this happened, could the driver immediately take control the driving? When talking about safety, so many problems just arise naturally, and self-driving car system is not ready to answer all these or at least make the customers believe they could solve all these problems. What's more, if accidents do happen, who will take responsibility for the accidents? This is a moral problem and a legal problem. Also, after the introduction of self-driving cars, several markets will be shaken, and it sounds like a promising for countless oppositions.

Personally, I am against the idea of self-driving cars. But, I am not against to the idea of trying to inventing such products and maybe tried to test its use in small scale. Maybe at a science conference or something. Just to see to what degree science could do. What I am against is to massively introduce the self-driving car to the general public. First of all, it is the safety problem. We all know that computer systems (Windows, MAC OX etc.) sometimes crushed for no reason. We hate it, but there's only so much damage that could be done, but if the car computer system crash during the middle of the driving. What should the driver do? Old drivers all know that anything could happen on the road. So, what if there is a dangerous situation arise and the computer could not process the situation and need the drivers to make a quick, intuitive decision, could the driver just take over the control?  What's more, Legal problems will definitely stay around with self-driving cars. Who should be responsible for the accidents? What law should be implemented? There are so many questions and the public would love to take their own sides on these topics. It might trigger some unstable people to act extreme. 

And according to the reading package, the self-driving cars will have the best potential when more people are adopting it. But,  since AI robot takes over people is one of the most popular science themes in novels and movies, some people might afraid that the self-driving car system might do the same thing as the robots in the movie did. The prevalence of self-driving cars might take times, maybe too long. And I am afraid that the traffic will go into chaos before the prevalence reach to the cutpoint. 

Also, self-driving cars will take many people's jobs. These people, including taxi drivers, oil companies, car insurance companies might not willing to adopt self-driving cars. They are more likely to join the opposition team. The question is will the society hold up until the prevalence of self-driving cars reach to the point that it no longer haunt the peace and harmony of the society? 