In our rapidly developing society, new technology has an impact on so many new industries, especially in transportation. Currently, many cars have features such as motion sensors and autonomous braking. As these features become more prevalent, there is a question of whether self-driving cars will eventually take over the roads. Self-driving cars are determined to be safer than human driven cars due to the removal of human error. They are also proven to be more efficient because the computer has the driving responsibility, and more accessible to those who are not able to drive cars themselves. Unfortunately, there are some disadvantages to self-driving cars. Computers are unable to respond to human signals and unpredictable situations, which may be a serious safety concern. The use of self-driving cars may also have a negative effect on the economy because it eliminates many jobs such as taxi drivers, personal injury lawyers, and drivers ed instructors. However, the advantages in safety, efficiency, and accessibility of self-driving cars outweigh these possible risks and demonstrate that self-driving cars would be a very beneficial addition to our society.

Safety is the most notable advantage of self-driving cars. Research shows that 81 percent of car crashes are due to human error. Many factors can lead to unsafe driving for humans, such as distractions, driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, and speeding. Since computers are not affected by these factors and instead use precise algorithms to drive, this greatly reduces the risk of accidents. Self-driving cars, however, have some disadvantages that human driven cars do not, such as risk of malfunction in certain weather conditions and inability to follow human traffic signals. There is also a question of what the driver may have to do if the technology malfunctions. However, these are all situations that occur infrequently. The situations in which self-driving cars would save lives occur much more frequently, showing that the safety advantages outweigh the possible risks.

Self-driving cars also have many advantages when it comes to efficiency in cost and time. With fewer accidents on the road, money will be saved for insurance and healthcare. Drivers are also able to use time on the road to complete other tasks since they don’t have to focus on the road. In large groups, self-driving cars participate in platooning. The cars are able to communicate with each other, which helps to reduce traffic and hazardous situations on the road. This saves time, gasoline, and also allows cars to travel at higher speeds, further saving driving time. Overall, the efficiency of self-driving cars reduces traffic and makes the road safer.
	
Finally, the accessibility of self-driving cars gives access to transportation to those who cannot drive cars themselves, such as disabled and elderly individuals. Disabled individuals often rely on others for transportation or have to use public transportation, greatly inhibiting their mobility. Access to self-driving cars would allow these individuals to travel in a more convenient way, granting them more freedom. This is true for elderly individuals as well. People often worry about allowing their elderly parents drive at a certain age, concerned about their safety but not wanting to take away their independence. With self-driving cars, this would not be an issue.
	
Though the technology for self-driving cars is not completed yet, these cars demonstrate how technology increases safety, efficiency, and accessibility. If their development is successful, the use of these cars will have a positive impact on the transportation industry and society in general.
