The self-driving car is a groundbreaking piece of technology. There is no doubt about that. However, I really question how feasible it is to transition them into every day life in America. The potential advantages of self-driving cars are incredible: safer driving via decreased accidents, the inability for a computer to get distracted, identifying traffic problems and no longer needing a designated driver, saving money, and saving time. On the other hand, the disadvantages of self-driving cars are quite frightening as they are weather dependent, they can't detect human traffic signals, they could malfunction and put the driver at even more risk, they rely on other pieces of technology we haven't yet mastered and jobs in fields connected to transportation would suffer. In other words, there is no solid evidence that self-driving cars are qualitatively safer. 

In my opinion, I don't think it is the time to bring them out and try to adopt them into society. We need time to develop our technology in general to a point where if we were to start using them, they'd have a smooth transition into the market and outside parties would suffer as little as possible. I think they have the potential to be incredibly beneficial to society but not right now. 

If we were to start using them in today's society, it wouldn't work out in many ways. Only a small percentage of the population would be able to afford them as they cost more than $100,000 and require training to operate in a safe manner. Furthermore, self-driving cars rely on being adopted by everybody and this will certainly not happen if only the richest people are able to buy them. Security risks are also a relevant issue as hackers would be very interested in the technology and specialized computers could be able to collect personal data. Even if self-driving cars were cheap enough to be used by the general public, many jobs would be eliminated. Workers in the transportation sector would no longer be needed, the gasoline industry would suffer if self-driving cars are electric, driver's ed courses wouldn't be needed anymore and personal injury lawyers would have reduced earnings due to less accidents on the road. This would be detrimental for the lives of many people and also harm the economy. Because of these reasons, 1) I don' think it is feasible to get the general public to use self-driving cars and 2) in the unlikely case that everyone uses them, it would cause damage to the economy. 