Trey Anastasio once said "things don't go on forever, and the quicker you accept that change is inevitable, the happier you're going to be". Since the dawn of the industrial revolution, life has changed dramatically: horse and buggies to cars, radio to television, telegraph to computers that fit in your pocket. As technology has developed over time, we have integrated it more and more in our daily lives, and that technology has in-turn brought ease, entertainment, and safety. Handing over the semblance of control one has while driving to a car which would drive itself can bring about trepidation, but when accounting for the increase in both safety and time, it can begin to look like the exceptional revolution that it is.   

Humans are prone to error in everything that they do--and driving is no exception. Eighty-one percent of motor vehicle accidents today are a result of human error. Whether they are distracted due to their environment (other passengers in the car, looking for something, a large number of cars on the road), their emotions (road rage, anxiety), or their physiology (tired, under the influence of alcohol/drugs), they are not putting the amount of attention into driving that a self driving car could do. Allowing the well tested software to do the driving increases the safety of the roads. If there are safer roads, police would be able to shift their attention from speeding tickets to larger issues, like crime and neighborhood safety. Whether on the road or off, self driving cars allow for an increase in safety. 

According to Newsroom, the average American spends 17,600 minutes a year behind the wheel. When converted into hours, then days that number equates to a little over 12 days each year. Now imagine being able to reclaim that time, being able to take the attention that you used to to operate your vehicle and give it to something more meaningful. This could be reading the newspaper or a new book, talking to friends or family, eating a meal that maybe you missed, anything you could do sitting on your couch at home.  As the quantity of self driving cars on the road increases, so does the safety of highways and roads that typically become congested at peak driving times. This increase in safety could eventually lead to increased speed limits, decreasing the time spent commuting to and from work. Self driving cars give you your time back.

There are arguments against the implementation of self driving cars which are concerned with the reduction of business for the gas industry and personal injury lawyers. And yes those are people's jobs, but the success of those vocations is contingent upon destruction--whether that be a person becoming injured or the planet succumbing to global warming and pollution. While self driving cars could increase the safety and fuel efficiency of cars, working to reduce destruction.  

Self driving cars are a large change for the average person, but change is not always unfavorable. The widespread implementation of self driving cars would bring safety on and off the road, as well as decrease the amount of and increase the quality of time you spend in your vehicle. 