As technology continues to progress at a rapid pace innovators have begun to explore the possibility of self-driving cars. A self-driving car sounds like a child’s fantasy of what a futuristic dystopian society looks like. However, self-driving cars are no longer a fantasy idea, and the impact that these vehicles may have on society is immense. Self-driving cars bring about thoughts of pure leisure while driving. With a self-driving car there is no more need to be stressed out while driving because something else is taking care of all the driving. A self-driving car could help to limit accidents due to the fact that we are taking away the human error aspect of driving. These cars will be programmed to simply avoid accidents and obey all traffic laws. This however is a very idealistic way of thinking. Self-driving cars still bring about their fair share of negative impacts on society. While it may seem that self-driving cars are taking out the human error aspect of driving they are simply replacing it with another opportunity for human error. There is still a strong possibility of human error in the programing of the vehicles. The algorithms could be miscalculated or the technology of the vehicle could be faulty, resulting in a similar dangerousness to an average human driver. That is why it would not be beneficial to society to continue to push for the implementation of self-driving cars. 
	The risks of self-driving cars are to great to overcome when it comes to implementing them into society. One argument for self-driving cars is that they will not be distracted drivers since they will have an algorithm to follow while on the road. While it is true that human drivers face hundreds of distractions while driving they still have some human reactions and instincts that cannot be replicated by a machine. The main concern is the decision making aspects of a self-driving car may in theory sound better than the decision making of an average human; however, a machine can not make up for the judgment of a human being. A scenario in which a self-driving car is driving steadily down the road past a grocery store when suddenly a shopping cart comes directly into its path and it does not have enough time to stop. Algorithms would say that the car would most likely swerve to avoid the shopping cart. But say there is a human being crossing the street right next to the shopping cart. How will the self-driving know that it would be better to brace the impact of the cart and hit that directly while avoiding the human. It is not clear that a self-driving car would have the judgment and instincts to process that decision in a matter of milliseconds. On the other hand, a human would at least be capable of knowing making the conscious decision to avoid the human being. 
While this is simply one scenario of thousands, it is clear that self-driving cars lack the human instinct and decision making that no form of algorithm can replicate. With several unknowns and the high risks associated self-driving cars it is prudent and safest to avoid implementing the idea of self-driving cars as their negative outcomes do not seem to outweigh the benefits that they would have on society. 
