The advantages and disadvantages of self-driving cars have become a hot topic of discussion a mainstream media outlets since the public sphere became aware of the role these futuristic vehicles could play in the not-to-distant future. First, there are many perceived disadvantages stated by those who doubt the potential benefits this advanced machinery could have on modern life. These potential issues include the sheer cost of the software, the potential risk associated with technological failures outside of the car, as well as the security risks of the software itself. The cost of the software will likely be the primary obstacle for car companies attempting to flood the market with self-driving cars. However, as some states have done with electric vehicles, there could be an opportunity for federal tax credits. For instance, in California, people purchasing new electric vehicles can receive a tax credit up to a cap of $7500 depending on the size of the car's battery, and we could see a similar incentive allotted to self-driving cars in the future as their software has the potential to greatly decrease car insurance costs. Other skeptics have shed light on the possibility of self-driving cars to fail in circumstances where traffic signals have failed and police move to the intersection to direct traffic. This issue could be overcome by providing a manual override switch that would allow a driver to take control of the wheel for a period of time so the driver may avoid any obstacles while keeping the basic safety software active in the event of a potential accident. The potential for the software to be targeted by hackers is another real issue that could become a major problem if the software isn't adequately protected. However, as long as information identifying the owner of each vehicle is kept separate from the car's computer software and the software that controls the cars is linked to a kill switch that could safely pull the car off the road and alert the driver, any substantial damage associated with this threat could be minimized even though the potential to completely protect from it is limited. There are, however, many advantages that I believe outweigh any potential negative associated with this revolutionary technology. These advantages include: a potential dramatic reduction in crashes caused by distracted or impaired drivers, a potential decrease in car insurance costs which could be financially beneficial to the owners in the long run, and the potential for this software to remove the potential of rush hour traffic and provide people with lower-income and/or mobility an option to move around a city. Around 80% of accidents on the road are caused by human error, and a majority of the accidents caused by human error can be linked to driving while distracted, either by a phone, conversation within the car, or events happening outside, or driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs. This technology would greatly decrease the number of accidents due to these factors as people under the influence of these factors would have no direct role in the control of the vehicle. Paired with this decrease in crashes is the potential for a decrease in car insurance premiums and fees for all drivers. As roads become safer and accidents rarer, there would be less responsible for people to purchase car insurance and manufacturers who are making vast amounts of money from car sales could cover the cost of the insurance, which would provide consumers with more money to use in the market. Lastly, the potential of platooning and communications between all self-driving cars in an area could dramatically reduce the presence of traffic buildups on off-ramps which substantially increase travel time for all commuters. This decrease in travel time, paired with the time the professionals would have during their chauffeured commute, could allow them to spend more time on aspects of life arguably more important than work, i.e. family life, good mental and physical health, and personal projects, which could overall increase happiness and productivity while at work and at home. This role of self-driving cars to chauffeur their owners from point A to point B could also be utilized by the percentage of the population with limited mobility and would allow them to explore their city and perform tasks that they otherwise would not be able to due to their inability to operate a vehicle. In my opinion, the benefits outweigh the potential negatives, as long as this technology is created for the long run and not thought of as a short-term solution.  