Self-driving cars have beneficial and disadvantageous effects on society. Although the benefits of self-driving cars may seem promising, the adverse effects might deter one from investing in them as the future of automobile technology. First, let’s review the positive side of self-driving cars. 

Self-driving cars would allow parents to feel safer about their high-school children “driving” to school with a reduced risk of speeding or an accident. If their child is distracted by a text, it wouldn’t matter because he/she wouldn’t need to pay attention to the road. If everyone had self-driving cars, there would be much fewer accidents, and speeding would be a thing of the past, allowing police officers more time and manpower to devote to other crimes. These self-driving cars would also benefit the sick and the elderly who would otherwise need to depend on others to get around. 

From an industrial growth prospective, the move toward self-driving cars would promote job growth for minds with a knack for technological advancement and machine learning. A new industry would be created. This can translate to the public transportation sector; self-driving buses and trains may soon follow. 

However, although there are many positives of self-driving cars, as with any technological advancements, there are also risks. Those with self-driving cars may need to worry about keeping their data secure from hackers who may want to know a person’s most frequently visited locations. This data could be used in targeted advertisements, or for more malicious purposes such as ascertaining the best place for a potential robbery or when the home would be empty. In adverse weather or road conditions that would provide the self-driving car with less-clear visual data, there could be a greater risk for an accident. If the occupants of the car do not pay careful attention, they may end up in a car accident. Even more alarming, if a self-driving car is on a slippery road and spins out of control, does it jerk out of the way to save a child pedestrian or the fit male pedestrian? The car wouldn’t know how to make these “gut-feeling” decisions. Additionally, if an accident does happen, where does the blame lie? A car cannot be charged with vehicular manslaughter. If the driver was not technically in control of the vehicle, they may not be responsible either. All that is left is the manufacturing company, however that doesn’t seem appropriate either. New legislation would need to be implemented to account for these possible scenarios.

Whereas some industries may see job growth, public transportation personnel would have a job reduction, as would taxi drivers. The oil and gasoline industries may also suffer, potentially harming export sales from countries that would need it. If these self-driving cars are mostly electric, many gas stations may go out of business. 

Thus, although self-driving cars may provide some benefits to society, the overall risks and potential harm is far greater. People would lose the ability to do things for themselves, others may exploit holes in the technology’s security to harm others, and industries may collapse due to the sudden shift in technology that would ultimately change how the world functions. 
