As with many technologies associated with automation, there are both costs and advantages to self-driving cars. In theory they would create a safer, more cost-effective driving experience and would eliminate many of the tragic accidents that contribute to one of the leading causes of death in modern society. While these benefits come at many costs, some of which we cannot even predict, I believe self-driving cars would be overall beneficial to society. 

It would be naive to think that self-driving cars wouldn't cause any car accidents. There would still be risks of malfunction due to glitches, bad weather, or not being able to take into account human traffic signals, but these risks would come nowhere near the risks associated with humans driving cars. In fact, according to the article, 81 percent of car accidents are attributable to human error. Taking human error out of the equation would dramatically reduce the amount of deaths and injuries that result from car crashes and that shatter families, schools and entire communities. 

The cost-effectiveness of self-driving cars goes beyond just saving money from insurance and healthcare costs. By reducing traffic, money could be saved on gas. By reducing the need for police officers to be patrolling the roads, these resources could be allocated elsewhere. And, finally, without having to focus the majority of their attention on driving, drivers would be able to use that time to do other important things.

Self-driving cars would make transportation more accessible for everyone. Disabled individuals, the elderly, as well as people in communities with little access to other forms of public transportation would benefit. Further, self-driving cars would act as designated drivers for people who are intoxicated, eliminating the issue of drunk driving. 

Though self-driving cars could put people who work in the transportation sector out of work, this would be a gradual process that would go hand in hand with new employment or training opportunities for those employees, many of whom only work in this sector part-time. Further, this kind of argument is also used in matters of climate change by people who believe that the jobs of those currently in the coal and natural gas industries are more important than the dire need to switch to renewable energy sources in order to curb climate change. We have to ask ourselves whether the employment of people in the transportation sector and the fallout they would experience in a world with self-driving cars is more important than the potential to save hundreds of thousands of lives a year. 
