The overall advantages of self-driving cars, when implemented without any setbacks, are that they can be safer, cheaper, and more time saving when compared to the standard way of humans manual driving cars. Self-driving cars would be safer because they would eliminate the human element of distracted driving, caused by talking on the cell phone or falling asleep at the wheel. They would also be safer because they would decrease car accidents by being programmed to stop at a safe distance from other vehicles and avoid serious collisions. In addition, self-driving cars would be cheaper because it would save money from all the accidents it would have prevented. As the article mentioned, the US Department of Transportation values every human life at $9.2 million and self-driving cars would prevent many of the high insurance and healthcare costs that develop because of car accidents. Self-driving cars would also be cheaper for the government by saving money that would have been spent on transit projects such as building trains. Lastly, self-driving cars would be time saving for both passengers and police officers. Passengers who would now be allowed to rest or perform work on their commute to their destination, and police officers would be able to spend less time catching speeding vehicles on the highway and more time solving more serious crimes. 

Some disadvantages of self-driving cars are cost for creating these vehicles and complex technology/ security required to prevent serious malfunctions and hacks. For instance, it was estimated the cost for a self-driving car was upwards of $100,000, making it a luxury item that only the upper class and rich would be able to afford. If only a smaller percentage of the population utilize self-driving cars then a majority of car accidents caused by distracted driving would still occur and no money would be saved at all. In addition, like with any technology created this 21st century there are risks for serious and even fatal malfunctions. Although not common, everyday electronics such as iPhones and laptops, concepts deemed impossible a century ago, do in fact experience problems and have stopped working for its users. While iPhones and laptops are nowhere as complex as self-driving cars, the fact of the matter is the electronic advancements made these past decades have been remarkable, but if these items have showed us anything it is that nothing is ever perfect and some software or hardware problem could always occur at any moment and without notice. It would be difficult to program self-driving cars to distinguish between new traffic laws or recent road work that occurred overnight. Also, it would be dangerous if hackers would be able to hijack vehicles and purposely take control of these self-driving vehicles. 

Overall, self-driving cars would be a huge benefit for society. The main factor that would deem self-driving cars an advantage rather than a disadvantage for our society would be the aspect of decreasing distracted driving which would thus decrease car accidents and save lives. In a world where technological advancements are created for the betterment of our society, what better reason to use self-driving cars if they can save lives. A human life is the only thing on earth that can't be bought no matter how much money an individual has. Death does not discriminate based on age, gender, sex, religion, race, or social status. Car accidents do occur and are too common in our society with the CDC reporting an average of 33,000 fatalities occurring from car accidents yearly. While most of those car accents are caused by distracted driving, self-driving cars would eliminate that problem entirely because the computers controlling the vehicles would have no way of experiencing the same distractions as humans. Yes, the cost of creating the complex technology for self-driving cars and then selling them to individuals may seem high at first, but as new technology is constantly updated and manufactured, self-driving cars can one day be affordable for everyone. Society needs to at least try to utilize self-driving cars to prevent unnecessary deaths because although it may take years before more individuals can be able to afford the self-driving vehicle, it will all be worth it if you just imagine being able to spend a little more time with someone you lost due to a car accident. 