As with the advent and introduction of any new technology, there are pros and cons that arise with the implementation of that technology. This is also true with autonomous, or self-driving, cars. With the testing of self-driving cars currently happening in several cities across the United States, the debate on whether or not autonomous cars are safer than those driven by humans has come to the forefront of the public health and wellness debate in the media. Many cars already come equipped with some of the basic technology - autonomous breaking, self-parking, or sensors that detect close objects, so we may be closer to the future than we think.

There are several pros for the use of self-driving cars, and one of the biggest is safety. While a small percentage of car accidents could be caused by mechanical failures, the majority are caused by a distracted driver. A computer driver would take the human element factor out of the equation and remove most of the danger just by being a computer. Computers make for the ideal driver as they will not get tired, lose their eyesight, get distracted, imbibe in drugs or alcohol, etc. Computers also use specific algorithms to calculate speed, stopping distance, and other collected information that help to dramatically decrease the chance of an accident. 

In addition to safety, there are many other positive side-effects to autonomous driving. Self-driving cars could help with traffic optimization, as the cars could communicate with each other to help identify traffic problems and their specific algorithms and sensors could help to reduce commute times while also allowing more cars on the road with less traffic. People with disabilities would have more options at their disposal. Police could focus less time on traffic stops and more time on other crimes. People would have more time to do other thigns with less parking and DMV headaches for drivers. The benefits are endless. 

With all the good things that come with technology, there are bound to be some bad things, as well. One of the biggest downfalls anticipated with self-driving cars would be their affect on the economy. Not only is the cost of implementing the new technology more expensive than most Americans can afford, it could also eliminate a lot of jobs in transportation. It is also expected that since most self-driving cars are powered by computers, that they would be electric cars, further putting a strain on the gas industry. Reliance on technology could make a driver's license, insurance, the DMV, and other driving related vendors obsolete. The benefits of self-driving cars would also depend upon more people opting into the option. 

Other downfalls to autonomous cars would be the flaws with technology itself. A computer cannot detect a road block or read human hand signals, so road construction would be an obstacle. The sensors are located on the outside of the vehicle, so severe weather can damage them. Computers attract hackers and software requires user information, so there is always a chance for breach of security. Another risk would be the technology failure where a person must take over the controls - what if it is someone that has never driven their own car before? What if the GPS goes down? How will a person be able to get to where they need to go?

While a completely autonomous driving society is probably a ways off, society certainly seems to be moving towards it. I do believe that self-driving cars would be a benefit in many ways - safety, inclusion, environment, and time/traffic - but I think we have some questions that need to be answered before we get there. While there may be jobs that are lost in transportation, there will be jobs that are created with the technology and manufacturing of these vehicles. The inclusion of people with disabilities, the elderly, and those that do not have a license is a powerful tool for those that were previously reliant on others. In my opinion, self-driving cars will get over the hump and be a part of the near future, at least in a small realm. 