3. am in the morning after drinking with your best friends at junior high, you are exhausted, lost, and drunk in the middle of nowhere. You want to drive back home but that is just too dangerous. A self-driving car can take you home safely. This is a rather new area and quite debatable. How can we make sure that robots will solve all the complicated situation on the roads? What if there are other humans involved, such as other drivers or police giving signals? Most importantly, how can we use it? Indeed, there are many uncertainties related to self-driving cars but overall it is a promising topic. Self-driving cars can avoid distractions, help elder and disabled people to drive car and save energy and time.

First of all, let us address the doubt of the self-driving algorithm. Even though the situation on the road is unpredictable, many situations can be highly generalized. For example, if the sensor noticed something in the front, regardless of whether it is a furry cat or grumpy grandpa, it will stop at once. The same principal applies to other human drivers around. Moreover, learning to drive itself is difficult for many people. Learning how to tell a robot to drive should not be harder than that.

Human drivers can be easily distracted. “Many of [traffic] accidents are preventable, and an alarming number of them are a result of distracted driving.” However, it is much harder to get a computer lost in the beautiful view along the road. In this case, AI is much more accurate than human. Human drivers maybe drunk or affected by drugs. They may also be affected by their mood, from depression to ecstasy. They may also busy with talking to their passengers. If Al is in charge, human can spend less time in driving and more time in focusing their own career, which is beneficial for them as well.

Additionally, many people rely heavily on public transportation or other people in their family in order to travel. This is because they cannot drive on their own due to physical limitation. However, not everyone has time to pick them up. Especially when we are entering the era that more and more elder people are around. I was forced to wait for my grandmother and drive her to her home in the childhood. This not only spend much time of mine which I could have spent in other places, but also my grandmother can only travel once every week because my father is too busy to drive her one more time. Just imagine how much benefit self-driving car will bring to us. 

Moreover, AI can calculate the best route. In our class, we learn about minimal spending tree and many other algorithms to find the shortest route. However, not many people will apply graph theory before they drive. Therefore, using a self-driver can make sure that they find the best possible way to go to school or company. This will save the amount of time they spend on the road and save gasoline as well. This will protect our environment too.


