There has been much discussion on the topic of self driving cars recently. Many people think that having self driving cars on the road would be a bad idea. They worry about things like liability in the case of accidents, and loss of jobs for truck drivers and others employed in the automotive industry. However, self driving cars are the way of the future. The pros of having self driving cars on the road vastly outweigh the cons. The effects of self driving cars will benefit society in a multitude of ways, and will allow mankind to advance further in technology and science alike.

There are many ways that the advent of self driving cars will be beneficial to mankind. For example, many people get distracted while driving, which is one of the leading causes of motor vehicle accidents in the United States as of now. However, if a computer were to take control of the car, there would no distraction; the computer would stay completely focused on the road, effectively cutting the amount of accidents greatly. This has more implications than just saving human life, there would also be much more money saved as a result of this. Right now there is 9.2 million dollars saved for accidents on the road, less accidents would mean less of this money would have to be saved and could be used in other areas such as infrastructure. Additionally, many cars even have features that resemble early stages of self driving cars; most cars have sensors to detect objects, have autonomous breaking, and many other driver-less car like features. Making the step to fully autonomous cars is not actually as big as a jump as critics may believe. There are many benefits that self driving cars may have for society, and this op-ed only covers a fraction of how self driving cars have the potential to help humanity.

Even with all of the benefits that self driving cars have to offer, there are still some things that critics are worried about. For example, many people worry that people may not have the skills needed to operate cars, and if there was a glitch, this may turn into a serious issue. However, there could easily be regulations enacted that would require drivers to take a test every year or so, to ensure that they can take over in the case of an emergency. Another common concern is handing over the power of the car to a computer, which can malfunction with a small coding error. This is not a valid concern though, as each car would be thoroughly tested before consumer use, and furthermore, humans have even more capacity to 'malfunction' and cause an accident that computers do! Though people may have concerns about the effects of self driving cars on society, they will ultimately accomplish more good than they will harm.

Self driving cars is the subject of much scrutiny. There are many people with strong opinions for both sides. However, after reading this op-ed, I hope that I have convinced you of all of the benefits that self driving cars can bring, and I hope that you are now a supporter of the idea.