As the number of fatalities from distracted and reckless driving increases, the need for safer roadways becomes a primary goal. Self-driving cars, a futuristic technology presently being developed and tested, has many advantages and disadvantages. With each side presently valid and convincing points, the debate over the benefit of self-driving cars in society rages on. In a technological driven world, the incorporation of self-driving vehicles seems likely. The question for the future of self-driving cars will be how many people will accept the new technology as a part of daily life and routine.  

Even though the idea of new technology involving self-driving cars can seem exciting and innovative, there are many disadvantages of widely accepting it in society. Since the technology is still being developed and tested, many people raise questions and concerns as to the self-driving car's safety and effectiveness. In terms of safety, should the vehicle get into an accident, the responsibility will be questionable. The technology itself, with large amounts of stored personal information incorporated within the software, could make people uneasy with worries of breaches in identity. In terms of overall effectiveness, the need for new education will become a reality. Current education standards including driver's education and behind-the-wheel could become virtually extinct should self-driving cars become widely adopted. In conjunction with the absence of active driving education, coordinative, peripheral, and basic driving skills will cease to be basic knowledge. These disadvantages, along with many others, can create negative associations and opinions of self-driving cars. 

WIth the goal of creating safer and more efficient roadways in mind, self-driving cars offer many advantages to potential consumers. The technology involved is very advanced, with many algorithms controlling the speed, direction, and destination of the vehicle. This computer, while controlling these driving factors, also eliminates bad driving behavior usually displayed by humans. These behaviors include, and are not limited to: speeding, drunk-driving, driving under the influence of drugs, and distracted driving. In relation to speeding, speed limits could increase with the increase of self-driving cars since the car controls the speed. Since these behaviors are eliminated, car insurance will decrease or cease to exist at all. When people are not spending time driving, they can spend time doing other things, like working, checking their phones, or any other activity that could not be done behind the wheel. These advantages, among others, are revolutionary to the open road as we now know it. 

Self-driving cars are not beneficial to society due to the nature of the technology. While there are about 33,000 fatalities annually on the roadways, most of the accidents could have been prevented. How? No distractive driving is good driving. Technology can and has failed, with reliance and dependence on it causing panic when it malfunctions. Unlike technology, people can make conscious choices when it comes to driving. These choices come from an effective education and legal system. Like education, laws would also have to be changed with the emergence of self-driving cars on the road; old rules would give rise to new, and more difficult to follow and retain, regulations. Self-driving cars in general are very new, with Google testing the product in a limited amount of states. Since Google is the main innovator in this field of technology, other car and gas companies could suffer economically from the rise of electric, self-driving vehicles. The likelihood that these cars will be adopted quickly is unlikely as people are subject to avoid change, especially changes in routine. 
