Self-driving car is a new technology and receives a lot of debates recently. On one hand, self-driving cars offer positive impacts, e.g. safer commuting, cost savings, and give opportunities to many people who can't travel by themselves at this moment. On the other hand, people also raise concerns about the security, safety, and economy of the technology.
In my opinion, I support bringing self-driving cars into reality. The technology can bring many benefits to humanity. First, we, as human in modern societies, will save a lot of money thanks to the technology. Because when a lot of self-driving cars are on the street and they can communicate with each other, they can reduce the problem with congestion or unknown traffic conditions. Second, self-driving cars are supposed to be more safety because it can eliminate mistakes made by a human. The most common mistake is driving under the influence (of alcohol, drugs, or tireness). Moreover, drivers tend to have false confidence as they have more driving hours. This false confidence will increase the chances that an accident will happen. Last but not least, self-driving cars put an equity for people having difficulties in traveling, such as old people or disabilities. While public transportations are available in all cities, in many cases, they can only take a person to a pre-designated location (stop) rather than the real destination. Public transportations are operated with a fixed schedule which does not perfectly match everyone's situations. 
The cons about self-driving cars could be categorized into two groups: not-ready and not-true. The not-ready group contains arguments about new challenges that the technology will bring in when it is deployed in mass. For example, when an accident is made by a self-driving car, who will hold the responsibility? Or security issues such as how can drivers protect their personal data and what will happen if the car is hijacked by a hi-tech criminal? Interestingly, what would the car-makers or software designers choose in moral-sensitive situations? For example, given an unavoidable accident will happen, which will either kill an old pedestrian crossing the street or a baby in a stroller on the pavement, which choice should be made by the self-driving car? These issues must be addressed or disclosed before deploying self-driving cars in the mass. The not-true group consists of false assumptions about the self-driving technology. For example, there are concerns about drivers are no longer equipped with the skills to operate cars. In fact, we are living well in a society without knowing much about our daily stuffs. I don't know anything about fixing a car, but I can always call AAA or my friends whenever my car breaking down. I use the washing machine at least twice a week without knowing how to make such a machine. Another false opinion is the difference between states regarding turning right on red or cars cannot interpret police officers' signals when directing traffics. In fact, the car can update its algorithm according to the state it is traveling simply based on GPS signal. Moreover, when all cars on the streets are self-driving cars, the police officer does not need to go down the street and directs the traffic but just sends information to the car through a communication channel, e.g. 3G or wifi. Last but not least, some people even afraid that auto manufacturers might sell fewer cars. This is not true as a self-driving car is still a car which needs a manufacturer. In fact, we have seen more and more car manufacturers join the self-driving race nowadays, such as Volvo, BMW, Toyota, Honda, and many more.
In conclusion, I think self-driving car is a revolution that will have more benefit to our society. However, there are still some concerns needed to be addressed in order to make this technology available to everyone.