After decades of the prosperous advances of artificial intelligence (AI), especially among the last several years when we have benefited from AI tremendously on a variety of domains such as medicine, e-commerce and digit devices, one futuristic industry also equipped with the power of AI is gradually stepping to people's life: the self-driving cars.

We are happy and lucky to be seeing the history of the way that how people are transported changes. The most recent one that is taking place quietly is brought by self-driving cars, which as the name indicates, can drive itself without the operation of human. Sometimes they are called "driver-less cars" too. Indeed, the reality is that self-driving cars aren't that far off. Right now, the residents from Washington, D.C., Nevada, Florida, Michigan, California and Pennsylvania are fortunate enough to have already seen some tested self-driving cars are running merrily down the streets, wearing lots of cameras which make them look strange but cute.

Alongside the technology of self-driving cars that has emerged during this time while not yet realized, the debate on the pros vs. cons of self-driving cars has already started to rage on. Whether it is a gift of God, or just another devil coming out from Pandora's Box? People hold different ideas. But are self-driving cars really that controversial? If they are, then why hundreds of huge companies, including Google, Apple, Audi, Baidu, Tencent, are now researching dramatically on self-driving cars? Are they crazy? Are they wasting their money on these "terrible" products? 

The answers can't be too obvious. Self-driving ARE the most beautiful gifts endowed by our God.

There are uncountable benefits of self-driving cars. Among them there are two prominent ones. The first regards the driving safety. While surely some faulty mechanics can be cited as the cause for certain accidents, more often than not drivers themselves are the most dangerous things about hitting the open road. Google's director of the self-driving car program, Chris Urmson, says the company's vehicles are better all around: "They are more courteous and more defensive drivers than normal drivers." Indeed, a computer is actually an ideal motorist, which uses delicately designed algorithms to determine appropriate stopping distance, distance from another vehicle and other data that decreases the chances of car accidents dramatically. 

The second advantage is that self-driving cars can benefit not only many normal people, but those who desperately need help as well. For example they will give more freedom and enhanced mobility to people who are not suited to driving, such as the handicapped, the drunk or the senior citizens. With self-driving cars, their rely on public transportation or
assistance from others to get around would become minimal.

Well, up till now those people who are pessimistic about self-driving cars may barely argue the their benefits, but they are overly concerning with some potential factors. Here we would list out two of the most controversial issues which, however, are not problems at all, in our opinion. 

Firstly of all, some individuals are concerned about the opportunity for a computer built into the self-driving car to collect personal data. Indeed, we have that risk. However, in the future with the development computers and AI, every device or item in our life will get electronic-wised and the information of every thing's information, a human or physical item, will flow through the internet of things (IOT), in order to make our life more intelligent. Self-driving cars is only a small portion of it the the personal data problem is not specific to it. Further, we believe in the future the protection of private data will be enhanced significantly.

Second, people argue "self-driving cars would eliminate many jobs in the transportation sector, especially when it comes to freight transportation and taxi drivers." This could have a negative impact on the unemployment rate and the economy. However, this effect is short-term, for the sake of long term advancement of human history. In other words, if we forbid the development of self-driving cars because of this short-term interest, then people will improve on transportation in a long term.

Therefore, just let us embrace the bright future of self-driving cars and look forward to enjoying the convenience shortly!



