	Whenever something new comes around, people tend to reject it for the comfort of familiarity, even if that change could bring something great. As with all other new inventions, people are skeptical of the practicality in using a self-driving car. 

	4 in 5 crashes are due to human error. Even with laws governing distracted driving caused by driving drunk or while texting, human still tend to make mistakes. Picture, for instance, the truck driver who has driven 10 hours and believes he can go another half hour to his destination. The truck driver may not been drunk or distracted, but his exhaustion could cause an accident just as easily. However, imagine this same scenario with a self-driving car. These cars wouldn’t be able to get tired, drunk, or distracted. Instead, they have built in features that allow them to have a safe following distance and their reaction time isn’t dependent on many external factors. With 33,000 people dying in car crashes every year, it may be time to make a change.

	While self-driving cars bring their own benefits, there are many things to be considered before they can be implemented. For instance, there are many people employed by car-driving services such as Uber, Lyft, and taxi lifts that would become obsolete as self-driving cars take off. Additionally, as most of the new cars would be electric, gas companies could lose a lot of money. Both of these things may hit the economy hard, but many of these costs may be offset by how many lives will be saved, which the US treasury has estimated to be worth $9.2 million per life. Also, as the world looks for more sustainable resources to combat global warming, electric cars may actually be the way of the future anyways. Before these self-driving cars can be implemented, however, there are some ways they must be fixed. For instance, some of advanced computer algorithms and technology cannot withstand extreme weather or account for traffic signals not shown on a GPS. Also, not every corner of the world can receive GPS signal as well as others, so self-driving cars may not reachable by everyone. Most of these cars to date cost more than the average human can afford, which may also be a barrier to their widespread use.
 
	While self-driving cars are part of the natural future, they still need quite a bit of work before they are ready to be widely used. GPS issues will need to fixed through rigorous testing, and the companies that make them available should make them more easily accessible to the general public. They may save thousands of lives, but until they are ready they will remain a hot topic of debate. 

