Self-driving cars have beneficial and disadvantageous effects on society. Although the benefits of self-driving cars may seem promising, the adverse effects might deter one from investing in them as the future of automobile technology. First, let’s review the positive aspects of self-driving cars.

Self-driving cars would allow parents to feel safer about their high-school children “driving” to school with a reduced risk of speeding or an accident. If their child is distracted by a text, it wouldn’t matter because he/she wouldn’t need to pay attention to the road. If everyone had self-driving cars, there would be fewer accidents, and speeding would be a thing of the past, allowing police officers devote more time and manpower to other crimes. These self-driving cars would also benefit the sick and the elderly who would otherwise need to depend on others to get around.

From an industrial growth prospective, the move toward self-driving cars would promote job growth for minds with a knack for technological advancement and machine learning. A new industry would be created. This can translate to the public transportation sector; self-driving buses and trains may soon follow.

However, although there are many positives of self-driving cars, as with any technological advancements, there are also risks. Those with self-driving cars may need to worry about keeping their data secure from hackers who may want to know a person’s most frequently visited locations. This data could be used in targeted advertisements, or for more malicious purposes such as ascertaining the best place for a potential robbery or when the home would be empty. In adverse weather or road conditions that would provide the self-driving car with less-clear visual data, there could be a greater risk for an accident if the occupants of the car do not pay careful attention. Even more alarming, if a self-driving car is on a slippery road and spins out of control, does it jerk out of the way to save a child pedestrian or the fit male pedestrian? The car wouldn’t know how to make these “gut-feeling” decisions. Additionally, if an accident does happen, where does the blame lie? A car cannot be charged with vehicular manslaughter. If the driver was not technically in control of the vehicle, they may not be responsible either. All that is left is the manufacturing company, however that doesn’t seem appropriate either. New legislation would need to be implemented to account for these possible scenarios.

Whereas some industries may see job growth, public transportation personnel would have a job reduction, as would taxi drivers. The oil and gasoline industries may also suffer, potentially harming export sales from countries that would need it. If these self-driving cars are mostly electric, many gas stations may go out of business.

Thus, although self-driving cars may provide some benefits to society, they also come with just as many, if not more, risks to society. For one, although this would be cutting edge technology, the risk for data security breaches also increases. Whereas people would no longer need to drive a car themselves, during an emergency they would be unable to due to a lack of knowledge. Additionally, for the self-driving car system to have the highest chance of working, there needs to be complete assimilation into a self-driving car world. Everyone would need a self-driving car to significantly reduce accidents due to human error. This spins into an ethical dilemma within itself, what happens to the people who refuse to own a self-driving car? Finally, although some job growth would occur to help implement the new technology, the eradication of gasoline-run and human operated cars would severely harm gas, oil, public transportation, and taxi industries. The sudden shift in technology would ultimately negatively change how the world functions.



























