3. am in the morning after drinking with your best friends at junior high, you are exhausted, lost, and drunk in the middle of nowhere. You want to call a cab, but no one is near. You want to drive home, but you are too scared to start the gear. What you need is a self-driving car.

Autonomous driving is a new and contentious area. There are many uncertainties related to this field. Some people may contend that it is unclear how self-driving cars will manage various hazards on the road. Some people may insist that rely too much on technology will turn people dumb. Some people may argue that starting up a new technique will spend too much money. Despite having so many challenges, researches in self-driving cars are promising in my opinion. I believe that self-driving cars can help people to save their time, reduce the number of traffic accidents, and provide freedom and benefit to the disabled and the elder. 
To me, the most important benefit that self-driving car can bring is that it can save us from wasting too much time driving and parking. While the computer is looking up the map and calculating distances, people in the car can enjoy themselves. Besides, the platooning among self-driving cars can partially solve congestion. This will decrease the amount of time people need to spend on the roads. Furthermore, if the computational algorithm is accurate enough, people no longer need a strict speed limit. People using a self-driving car will be able to drive faster and hence save their time. Additionally, sensors in cars may allow cars to ride closer to each other. With more car on the road, people will have less traffic jam and navigate more efficiently. As you can see, the self-driving car can significantly save our time used in transport.

Another critical aspect is that self-driving car can save our lives. Let us first admit that as one of the most intelligent creatures on earth, we can be very easily distracted. We might be careful at the very beginning, but after a few months of driving, we assume that we are expert drivers and pay much less attention to the road. Our mind flows away when we drive before we notice. Besides, human drivers are not always reliable. There are millions of people driving under the effect of alcohol or drug. And there are more people driving when they are exhausted, sleepy or grumpy. According to the Center for Disease Control, “Many of [traffic] accidents are preventable, and an alarming number of them are a result of distracted driving.” Compared to humans, AI can never be distracted when driving. Neither can it be drunk, sick or tired. It uses a complicated algorithm and communicates with another self-driving car to ensure traffic safety. Thus, it is better to let AI take the wheel.

It is also worthy of notice that self-driving cars can allow the elder and the disabled to drive. Without an AI driver, they have to rely heavily on public transportation or other people in order to travel. However, you cannot expect buses to arrive whenever you want. Friends or family members are not available at 24/7 too. Hence, self-driving cars can be your loyal friends. Therefore, self-driving cars can allow the disabled and elder citizens to drive.

In conclusion, it is safe to say that self-driving cars are our future. By using the self-driving cars, we can save more pedestrians’ lives, save our time and take greater care of the elder and disabled citizens.