Car accidents have been a major problem in the United States for decades. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 33,000 people have died from traffic incidents. Recently, many researchers are discovering possible solutions on the issue of car accidents in the United States. One solution that has been brought up very often is the idea of self-driving vehicles. To many people, this seems like a great solution to eliminate car accidents, but others, like myself, are more skeptical about this idea.
 
Self-driving cars may seem like a probable solution to eliminate car accidents. Because distraction is one of the leading causes of car accidents in America, self-driving vehicles will definitely be useful as there aren’t many opportunities for distraction.  Another good reason why self-driving vehicles could help the issue is that it can decrease drunk driving incidents, which can save many people’s lives.

While there are many good reasons to have more self-driving vehicles, some believe that having these vehicles are not sufficient for our environment, because these vehicles will require technology that will cost thousands of dollars. In an interview with “Axios,” Luminar CEO Austin Russel stated that each car can cost three to four hundred thousand dollars to make. Another reason why it is not a good idea to have self-driving vehicles is because they could eliminate many jobs in the gasoline industry. With more self-driving cars being used around the world, this could cause people to not feel the need to fill their gas tanks because these self-driving vehicles will be electric. 

If more self-driving cars are prevalent, this could mean that many of us will rely more on this technology, which could lead to the inability of operating any motor vehicles. This can be very dangerous on the road because if the car were to have any type of malfunction and the driver has limited knowledge on how to operate a vehicle, this could lead to an accident.

There are many solutions to eliminate car accidents, and in my opinion, a self-driving vehicle is not one of them. It is not wise to put so much money into something that does not guarantee safety for our environment. Having these types of vehicles is also not worth taking away people’s jobs and putting their do not have the technology to operate at a high level of safety in certain weather conditions. Having a self-driving vehicle may seem like a good idea for right now, but if we do see more of these cars in the future, we need to consider how this advanced technology will interact with human drivers and the wider driving environment.
