All the tech-giants like google, amazon etc are looking forward to a new technology. This technology has the potential to change the way people utilize their time, resources and explore life. The self-driving cars have the potential to help us utilize our most valuable resources in the most efficient way. A few of them are as follows:
  
  Time, they can check the least traffic routes, wait time at the upcoming signal, parking areas and also if there is a road closed nearby. This will save a lot of time in rerouting. 

  Money, the need to hire a driver is totally null. In case of an accident, the fault will be of a machine, the insurance cover and the cops will be the concern of the auto-car company.

  Safety, the autonomous cars cannot get distracted by a crying baby or argumentative spouse. Differently abled people can thank god for this boon. They can simply use such a machine to travel, learn, explore and not be dependent on a guardian for safe travel.
Adding to these, this driver can't sleep on a boring and long drive. 
 
 Every rose offers two things, fragrance and thorns. Its upto us what we focus on. Nonetheless, the cons are as follows:

 Trust, people in heavy traffic cities can not trust on such self-driven system because there are no ideal driving scenarios there. People are prone to drive above speed limit and cross even when the stop sign is off.

 Security, this car can be mis-used in enumerable ways. People might rob a bank, use such a car and run away. There will be no human evidence to identify. Or we can say a lot of camera footage to check their paths.

  Knowledge, people might need assistance to learn how to use such cars. This will generate a need for 24 hour available customer support executives to guide the person on operating such a new kind of machine .This technology is still in its embryonic phase, and we can't gamble with life just for a faster and cheaper commute.

After weighing both sides of the coin, the pros tremendously outshine the cons. The auto-pilot mode in airplanes, automatic people movers (trains in the airports) and not to forget satellites trust this technology. If we evaluate only the technical part, its a wonderful invention. 
It is a promising solution for people living in big cities, the disabled people. The most important use might be for a person in need to urgent care living alone. They  can simply sit in their car and reach the hospital. It all might look imaginative, but thats exactly what drives all the discoveries and inventions. 


 