Self-driving cars are starting to become a popular subject for debate in today’s world. The article, “Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated With Self-Driving Cars” addresses the pros and cons of self-driving cars. However, I am against self-driving cars because of the risks and dangers they may entail.

Though I am against them, there are certainly benefits and advantages to their use. Self-driving cars help avoid driver error on the road and allow people to travel in comfort. Self-driving cars can help prevent driver error on the road. Many vehicle accidents today have a lot to do with the driver not being focused and alert on the road. Drunk and drugged accidents would never occur. They would allow people to sleep or rest during long-distance journeys. 

I am personally against self-driving cars, and realistically, I believe they do not benefit society. They can also be dangerous because any sort of technology has the possibility of malfunctioning. That being said, a driver may most likely still have to be present to operate and monitor the car. Also, it would cost a fortune to make these cars, as they would need special and expensive parts. As mentioned earlier, self-driving cars would be expensive to make, but also would most likely be out of the price range of many everyday people. Affordability for the rising middle class would be a big issue. Many truck drivers, bus/taxi drivers, and other forms of public transportation would slowly decrease, thus resulting in the loss of jobs for many. And since we are dealing with technology, there is the possibly of malfunctions and glitches that could cause even more dangerous and fatal situations than human error could. If there was an accident, who would take the blame: the “driver” or the software system or the car manufacturer? As the article states, “there's no legal precedent for how a case would be handled. Could be tricky to answer.” There are also problems with self-driving cars functioning in specific types of weather. Weather patterns of heavy rain or snow can interfere with sensors in the car and distort car’s perception. The cars may not be able to understand certain road signs. Many states have specific road signs and laws that the software may not be able to identify and respond to. “A good example is the difference between states regarding turning right on red. The computers could have difficulty identifying the different local and state rules with regard to the road.”

In conclusion, self-driving cars are not beneficial to society. As stated earlier, self-driving cars would only increase the risk of accidents, increase the unemployment rate, and potentially confuse and complicate things on the road. It is better to prevent all of this from occurring by not allowing self-driving cars.





















