Self-driving cars, though only recently becoming a technological feasibility, have advanced rapidly in their short time of development and have thoroughly captured the public eye. The debate on their fitness to our automotive environment and on their desirableness to our society as a whole is raging onward with impassioned argument on both sides. In this essay I will aim to provide convincing evidence that, though they have the potential to cause societal harm, given the distressing array of negative societal impacts associated with human-driven cars, the apparent feasibility for self-driving cars to ameliorate these issues makes it only rational to welcome their implementation.  

To start with, consider the fallibility of human drivers. On a regular basis we turn on our engines without sufficient sleep, absentmindedly forget to check blind-spots, and allow our attention to be torn from the road by the slightest of mobile vibrations. With an estimated 33,000 annual fatal accidents and overwhelming evidence that human error accounts for a significant number of these, it seems incontrovertible that we should do better. 

While no one would rightly argue that our current system is ideal, skepticism toward self-driving cars at this stage is more than fair. The development of the vehicles is very much still in its developmental phases and without a fully computerized automotive environment computer-human scuffles could arise more often than current human-human scuffles do. While a definitive answer to this question would require currently non-existent empirical studies, there are good reasons to believe that even in computer-human interactions the computer would be the better bet.  Whereas human drivers tend to fall into a lull of false confidence after driving for many years, self-driving cars can be designed to improve and become more safe over time. Further, there is no distraction, no sleep deprivation, no intoxication, and no frantic concern for being late to take a self-driving car away from the task of safely getting from point A to point B. In the absence of such risks, a computer car very well might behave safer even without the ability to intuitively grasp tendencies and perceptions of neighboring human drivers. 

Others however, are more concerned about the societal impact of these cars than their safety specs. Even if the change means less lives lost on the road, it still may be an unwise one if it leads to the ruin of lives off the road. Given the number of transportation jobs, a computerized revolution could displace the occupations of many currently employed drivers. Furthermore, given the massive economic investment needed to own such a car, might this lead the widening of already egregious inequality gaps in the country?

The transportation industry represents a real threat if we have no place for the newly unemployed to turn. This however, is not a problem unique to self-driving cars but one that is encroaching on us from all directions with the rapid advance of technological competency. If we cannot as a society, solve this more generally, the threats will be realized even in the absence of the driver-less car revolution; if we do find a way to support the displaced workers of other sectors I remain hopeful that such approaches can be implemented to this sector as well. 

As for societal inequality, self-driving vehicles, if implemented properly, could actually be a great boon to economically struggling classes. To begin, the previously considered transportation industry automation, though bad for workers, could be fantastic for commodity prices. If the cost of all daily goods dropped, many would be the better for it. Further, current systems of public transportation are woefully insufficient to serve their desired societal role. When jobs, hospitals, and enrichment events are inconvenient to access, attendance from under serviced individuals tends to drop. This creates a de-facto restriction on who may access what. With an automated public transportation system, it could be much easier to introduce flexible pick-up locations, drop-off spots, and schedules. With a more functional and convenient public transportation system we could relieve both the economic burden of buying a vehicle as well as the logistical burden of navigating tricky and time-consuming bus routes.  

A society which supports self-driving cars would certainly look different from ours. How we implement them will determine much of their success and failure. For that reason it is not a guaranteed success, however, looking at the massive limitations and problems with our current system, it does not seem to be a stretch to claim that this could bring us dramatic improvements.































