The self-driving car article reminded me of the cartoon Transformer I used to watch and love when I was very young. There was one scene I remembered particularly in this cartoon was the protagonist, when sitting on the driving seat in one of the transformed car, took his hand off the steering wheel and said “look, I don’t need my hands to drive the car.” I remembered it so clearly because at that time, the idea of driving without people was so bold and impossible that I felt I have to admire the thinking of the author. And now, only ten years later, driving without person to control is becoming available for everyone. 

There are clear benefits encourage people to own a self-driving car. Self-driving cars are convenient, friendly and safe. People who have been advised not to drive will regain the right to go where-ever they want to. Computers also could take care of all the traffic problems: fatigue driving, over-speed driving, keeping distance with the front cars, and even safety parking. Since, according to the article, drivers are the primary causes in most traffic accidents, there should be less accidents on the road if adopting self-driving cars.   

However, the disadvantages of owning self-driving car is as obvious as the benefits. Adopting self-driving cars could at the same time create legal issues, marketing problems, and long-term safety concerns. Each one of these concerns could singly drag the society into chaos. The number of supporters and opponents will be equally the same. Then, try to think what is going to be like on the road when there are half people driving on their own and half of them have no idea about what happen outside the car window. Also, the article mentioned that the self-driving car will be heavily rely on GPS. Seriously, how many times have GPS directed us into a one-way road? Don’t people not learn from bad technologies?

Personally, I am against the idea of putting self-driving cars into the market for public. As mentioned above, I claimed that self-driving cars will create safety, legal, and market problems. I will quickly elaborate these problems here. First of all, all computers systems sometimes crash for nor reasons. We hate it, but there’s only so much damage that a system on a laptop could do. But, what if the auto-driving system crash at the middle of the driving, what should the driver do? Are drivers able to take the control immediately? Also, though all new drivers are nervous during the first few years on road, most of them get better eventually as they gain experience. But, with a self-driving car, there’s no need for drivers to practice driving skills.So, if danger arise, are these drivers qualified enough to handle the situation? Secondly, all sorts of legal problems will arise. Here, I have one question for you to feel the pressure: if an accident does happen, who should take the responsibility, the engineers, the drivers, or the car company? What’s more, adopting self-driving cars create marketing chaos. Oil corporations, license school, police-officers, taxi drivers and etc. will hate this technology. On the other hand, the car companies, your lawyers and some other groups will love this idea to death. The thing is, there will be equal number of companies who loved the idea and who hated the idea. Big corporations stick together and attack on one another. Gaps between groups that already have grudges will deepen. In the end, we normal citizens are the ones who suffer all the bitterness.
