 I am in favor of self automative cars and am planning to be in line to buy one once they are implemented. The main advantage of artificial intelligence is it is not biased and cannot be distracted, thereby eliminating accidents,which are always based on human error,according to all statistics. The fact the machine would observe all speed limits,stop signs,traffic lights, would mean the elimination of some traffic cops,saving millloins of tax dollars. In addition to the possible elimination of traffic police, what is exciting is the possible elimination of car insurance, or at least a reduction of it because of many fewer accidents.Productivity would go up which would boost the economy, as instead of concentrating on driving, one could do work in his car(it could be his home office), or even have a martini or watch his favorite television show.Self driving cars would be an advantage for the environment, for instead of a lazy driver aimlessly looking for a parking space closest to the store so they don't have to walk. the self driving car would drop off a person and drive directly to a parking spot maybe  not within walking distance,thereby saving precious fuel. The person would simply have to wait for the car to pick him up! The car could pick up crippled people in smaller more efficient cars to get them to all those dr's appointments, thereby eliminating all those irritating access buses that litter our sreets.Instead of paying a uneducated truck drver, who can be a danger on the highway, a self driving car could drive all night, never needing a paycheck or food. Consequently, the price of our store purchases would go down. As far as the elimination of jobs,there is nothing to be alarmed about as service jobs are very abundant and the infrastructure of the self driving cars would create many well paying positions.The cost of the self driving cars would be prohibitive for some, however, just like Fords model t, the cars would eventually have to be priced so all could afford it.Electronic technology always goes down in price,as is evidenced by phones,tvs,etc. The most daunting task is to actually get the technology to work full proof - it would be critical to this self driving cars to be a perfection with no flaws what so ever. Also, the maintanience of the satellite infrastructure would be quite costly, and what institution would be responsible for the cost.These tasks will take many decades to sort out. In addition to this aspect, if there is an accident, would the manufacturer,infrastructure,or person in the car be at fault.    It would be difficult to sort this out, but once it was done, we could eliminate those pesky ambulance chasing lawyers,asthere still would less accidents. We are decades away from perfection of these issues,however,there are highly cognitive driven people who could figure all this out, so self driving cars will be the biggest phenomenon of this century.




























