Debates on self-driving cars have attracted attention from society as a whole. From my perspective, points of controversy include 1) users' adoption and acceptance, 2) safety and privacy concerns, and 3) economic impacts on the society.

The self-driving car, ideally, can reduce accident rate on the road by overcoming the driving distraction problem. However, the actual performance will largely depend on the specific technology/algorithm. In addition, external factors including individuals' attitudes toward automation and weather conditions are threats to decreasing the safe level of self-driving vehicles.

On the other hand, the economic impacts of self-driving cars on the society is a double-sided sword. The benefits of adopting automation include improved efficiency and reduced cost. Nevertheless, those benefits are gained at the cost of eliminating various occupations in the transportation sector. It is of wide concern that the unemployment rate will increase. In order to address the worries about the rising unemployment rate, training programs will be developed to help the low-income group (for example, taxi drivers) to develop new skills and rebuild their lives. Yet the training programs will inevitably introduce more burdens on the government expenditure.

Overall, I am in favor of putting more resources into developing self-driving vehicles.

Autonomous driving is not a recent concept. In fact, we are already enjoying the benefits from 'self-driving'. For example, cruise control and lane-centering are widely adopted driver assistance systems. Furthermore, Volvo cars can automatically stop if pedestrians are detected within a risk distance in front of the vehicle and the driver fail to react in time. Those systems are designed to make driving activities safer and safer. The driver must still always be ready to take control of the vehicle, however. Therefore, investing resource in building more intelligent and driver-friendly techniques are no doubt beneficial.

Besides allocating resource in researching the single-car based technologies, constructing a vehicle network system adds a significant value to our society. Specifically, real-time information traffics and road risks can be swiftly distributed to the whole network. In this way, cars with "intelligence" can calculate the equilibrium and provide personalized navigations based on all the information collecting from passengers, road, and weather. In order to develop such a communication system, the intelligence level of end-cars is essential. The radars, sensors, and software systems need to be designed as a whole system to process and transfer data within the car, and within the whole system.

When it comes to end-users or consumers, I do not think adoption aversion will be a big obstacle. First, as stated above, using self-driving cars is not a binary choice. Instead, consumers choose which driving assistant systems they want to use, to increase users’ driving experiences. Second, human-based service is costly, whereas a machine-based service is economically efficient. For instance, we used to have to pay a consultant for tax reporting. Yet, we can now use various software to help us. Back to the case of the self-driving car, people can choose to hire a personal driver or taxi driver or choose to use a self-driving service.

To sum up, self-driving services are already embedded in our driving experience. We are enjoying and will continue to enjoy the benefits brought by the development of technology.