Far too often, the media presents heart-wrenching stories of innocent people killed in car accidents from drunk drivers or distracted drivers. Who would argue against a solution to these preventable problems derived from careless human mistakes? One proposed yet controversial solution is implementing self-driving cars. While many benefits exist, I still do not support their use in society. The benefits of self-driving cars are easily understood: they greatly reduce human error, which is the result of 81% of car accidents. Minor accidents like rear-endings would decrease because the computers of the cars would use algorithms to calculate appropriate stopping distances. Reducing accidents is definitely a perk of self-driving cars. Furthermore, as The New York Times suggests, self-driving cars would greatly help elderly and disabled people travel. Self-driving cars would be of great use to those who cannot operate a vehicle. Plus, the stress of parking would decrease as self-driving cars dropped people off near their destination. People would receive less parking tickets and save time on parking, making an overall easier travel experience. Additionally, self-driving cars would also reduce traffic congestion by electronically communicating in a process called “platooning” and enable more people to be on the road at once. Speed limits could even increase as computers in the car can manage safe driving at higher speeds than humans. The roads would greatly improve with steadier traffic and quicker travel times, even with having more people traveling at once. Self-driving cars would offer us easier travel with safer roads, less traffic, and time saved. However, many cons accompany these potential benefits. To begin, self-driving costs currently have a huge price tag of over $100,000, thereby diminishing the number of Americans able to buy one. Even if people do not purchase self-driving cars, the high cost to rent them or use them as a taxi service would deter potential customers. Also, if self-driving cars do not become extremely widespread, they would not offer their maximum potential in preventing accidents and saving time and cost because they could not platoon together. Why use the cars in small amounts if these features would go to waste? Moreover, self-driving cars relying on sensors, GPS devices, and traffic signals would suffer if these other technology sources failed. Similarly, inclement weather impairs the sensor abilities of self-driving cars, putting people on the road during a storm at risk. People both riding in self-driving cars and on the road with self-driving cars experience increased anxiety at the idea of self-driving cars malfunctioning. With many places for technical errors, self-driving cars could be quite dangerous and daunting for passengers. On a broader scale, ethical concerns would arise during a car accident with a human and self-driving car, leaving ambiguous blame toward the car itself and the car company. We must consider the potential legal implications and establish new laws before we use self-driving cars. I believe that America would not fully gain all of the benefits of self-driving cars unless more existed than human drivers, which is unlikely to happen quickly due to high cost and personal hesitations. While self-driving cars offer an efficient solution, they would be too hard to incorporate into modern society; the transition phase of slowly adding self-driving cars would cause lingering tension. At this time, since the perks do not outweigh the persistent cons, perhaps America is not ready for self-driving cars.





































