This article was interesting and mentioned points that I hadn't thought of before on the topic of self driving cars.  I do think that the self driving cars would help decrease the number of accidents that are caused by human error.  However, now we face the uncharted territory of vehicular accidents cause my mehanical error.  When reading the article, I found several points about the positives and the negatives to be valid.  

One of the arguments for self driving cars would be that they can help decrease the number of accidents caused by intoxicated drivers.  There are many heart breaking stories of death or serious injury resulting from persons under the influence getting behind the wheel.  One would think that the number of incidents would have decrease with the popularity and affordability of Uber and Lyft.  It is much easier to get from point A to point B when you can simply order a driver on these apps.  However, for whatever reason, many people still choose to take the risk and drive themselves even after having a few drinks.  With self driving cars, we would not have to rely on intoxicated people to make the responsible decision to get a designated driver.

The con that I felt was the most complicated brought up the issue of who to lame when something goes wrong.  If a child runs out in front of a car and the car cannot detect it quickly enough and does not stop, who is at fault?  I believe that many people would wonder if the accident could have been prevented if a human was behind the wheel.  Would they have been able see the child out of their periphery and anticipate the child might run towards the road?  Perhaps the accident could have been prevented.  To add to this predicament, there will be people attempting to blame to manufacturer for visibility issues.  Other may argue that the driver should have been paying attention to the road, even if they own a self driving car.  I believe that there would need to be concrete rules about how active of a role the driver needs to play.  Should the driver still be 100% focused on the road? If that is the case, then it would negate the point discussed in the previous paragraph; an intoxicated driver should not be allowed to operate a self driving car.

From reading this article, I would have to say that, while self driving cars come with benefits,  I do not think we should work on replacing humans drivers with them solely.  I think that if the purpose is to make driving safer and minimize accidents, then drivers should also be 100% attentive to the road. Driving and traffic conditions are too complicated to leave to just a robot.  There  are many last minute decisions that humans make that can actually save lives.  A self driving car would provide too much comfort to drivers and perhaps lead to them being less cautious.  A false sense of safety behind the wheel is very dangerous.  I think that even with self driving cars, drivers should be held responsible for any accidents (unless there is a true manufacturing error that causes the accident) because I believe that the responsibility still falls on the human to operate the vehicle safely.

































