According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, nearly 81% of vehicular accidents occur as a direct result of human error. In recent years, this has caused many people to question whether self-driving technology could eliminate these risks- potentially saving countless lives each year. Despite this promise, others argue that entrusting human lives to self- driving technology is far too risky. In order to make an informed decision as to whether or not self-driving vehicles will benefit our society, it is crucial to understand the pros and cons of the technology itself. 

Self-driving technology does virtually eradicate the risk of a vehicular accident caused by human error. Because of this, the technology will save lives, money, and time. A decrease in automobile related deaths and injuries means that less people will be in need of medical care- freeing up the time of both the victims(s) and public safety officials and law enforcement officers. Doing so will enable these workers to shift their focus towards more serious crimes, therefore keeping local communities a more safe environment for everyone. Furthermore, less accidents will result in public institutions, predominantly healthcare and insurance companies, saving money as there will be a drastic decrease in cases and claims relating to automobile accidents. Along with this, many people value the personal time they will save with self-driving vehicles. Without having to focus on navigating the roads, passengers are encouraged to accomplish more behind the wheel than ever before.

Opposingly, many argue that self-driving technology will not be beneficial to society. The time and cost associated with teaching people to utilize the technology itself is relatively inconceivable. Coinciding with this, the cost to manufacture the technology in the first place would make purchasing a self-driving vehicle difficult for even affluent middle class citizens. As many people would not have access to the technology due to the sheer cost, vehicular accidents as a result of human error will still occur on roadways as most people will be driving regular automobiles. 

Self-driving technology is a topic of both uncertainty and promise in today's society. Although time and money may be saved initially in minute amounts, I find that the long term prosperity of this technology does not seem promising. Self-driving vehicles will be virtually inaccessible to the masses do to the cost of manufacturing the technology itself and, if the technology fails, other drivers are put at risk. It can be argued that the time saved behind the wheel will be worth this risk, but I ask you to consider whether encouraging a decline in human interaction and self-sufficiency is truly worth it. 





























