There are many advantages for the United States to transition to self-driving cars. The primary benefit is simply the amount of lives saved due to the elimination of intoxicated, distracted, or otherwise dangerous drivers. Computers provide a precise, safe alternative to the potential for human error that occurs each time a driver gets behind the wheel. In addition, self-driving cars can save money on insurance costs and outdated infrastructure, decrease traffic, and are actually better for the environment.  However, some limitations to self-driving cars exist. These include a difficult transition to using these vehicles, cost, the failure of technology, and the potential for job loss and decline of certain industries.

Despite these technological limitations, an initially high cost, and a likely challenging transition, self-driving cars are the future and they will save lives by eliminating or drastically reducing the possibility of human error.  Every year, 33,000 people die in automobile accidents, and most of these deaths should have been prevented because the drivers were distracted, drunk, tired, or should not have been driving. A progression from tens of thousands of traffic fatalities annually due to human error to hypothetically miniscule traffic fatalities due to technological errors alone makes self-driving cars extremely beneficial to society. 

If that statistic is not sobering enough, consider this. Vehicular accidents are also the number one cause of death for teenagers, again, the majority of which are preventable.  We know from cognitive scientists and psychologists that teenagers are more likely to engage in risky behavior—like dangerous, drunk, or otherwise impaired driving—and, while getting a driver’s license has been a rite-of-passage for a century in America, it can easily be replaced by a self-driving car operator license (which would certainly be required). 

If you have reservations about self-driving cars due of the potential for technological failure, I share them with you. Just this past month, a self-driving car being tested in Arizona turned a corner, struck, and killed a woman who was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk. We have not perfected this technology. We have miles to go before it can be implemented on any kind of large scale. We have many ethical, legal, and policy considerations and implications to work through. However, we have the opportunity to save countless lives. We have the opportunity to save countless others from debilitating injury. We have the obligation to use technology the way it’s always been used—to benefit our society and improve the lives of all Americans.

























