There are many advantages and disadvantages for using self-driving cars in our society today. The overall advantages of self-driving cars are that they are safer and cheaper. Self-driving cars would be safer because they would eliminate the human element of distracted driving, caused by talking on the cell phone or falling asleep at the wheel. They would also be safer because they would decrease car accidents by being programmed to stop at a safe distance from other vehicles and avoid serious collisions. In addition, self-driving cars would be cheaper because it would save money from all the accidents it would have prevented. As the article mentioned, the US Department of Transportation values every human life at $9.2 million and self-driving cars would prevent many of the high insurance and healthcare costs that develop because of car accidents. 

One big disadvantage of self-driving cars are the cost for them, which may prevent a majority of the population from using them once they become available. For instance, it was estimated the cost for a self-driving car was upwards of $100,000, making it a luxury item that only the upper class would be able to afford. If only a smaller percentage of the population utilize self-driving cars, then a majority of car accidents caused by distracted driving would still occur and no money would be saved at all. 

Overall, self-driving cars would be a huge benefit for society. The main factor that would deem self-driving cars an advantage rather than a disadvantage for our society would be the aspect of decreasing distracted driving which would thus decrease car accidents and save lives. In a world where technological advancements are created for the betterment of our society, what better reason to use self-driving cars if they can save lives? Car accidents have always occurred since they were first created, and are too common in our society with the CDC reporting an average of 33,000 fatalities occurring from car accidents yearly. While most of those car accents are caused by distracted driving, self-driving cars would eliminate that problem entirely because the computers controlling the vehicles would have no way of experiencing the same distractions as humans. Yes, the cost of creating the complex technology for self-driving cars and then selling them to individuals may seem high at first, but as new technology is constantly updated and manufactured, self-driving cars can one day be affordable for everyone. Society needs to at least try to utilize self-driving cars to prevent unnecessary deaths because although it may take years before more individuals can be able to afford the self-driving vehicle, it will all be worth it if you just imagine being able to spend a little more time with someone you lost due to a car accident.



























