Self-driving cars have arrived and are on the market even if their drivers wouldn't define them as such. Drivers are using cars that will auto park, brake if they approach an obstruction, and follow a car in front of them. They do still require some human interaction and drivers can elect into these features based on what they want in the moment, but the cars still have many of the same features as fully self-driven cars. Even when not in control of the wheel, they alert drivers to cars in their blind spot and provide a rear view when the driver is in reverse. Whether or not people want this future is now irrelevant; it's coming and soon people will be so used to it that they won’t remember what it was like to drive without a little backup support, and eventually, they won’t remember what it was like to drive at all, and that’s a good thing.

People are terrible drivers. We as humans like to believe that we can stay awake, pay attention, and maneuver an enormous hunk of metal at high speeds. The reality is that even a human who is focused on the road can only absorb a limited amount of his surroundings. People worry that self-driving cars are not as good as humans at detecting pedestrians or other anomalies, and they aren't as good; they're better at it. Computers have the capability to process the entire environment without getting drowsy or lost in their thoughts. Self-driving cars have made this point in the US with only one publicized fatality caused by a self-driving car despite years' worth of clocked hours on the road. On the other hand, 23 cyclists were killed in 2017 by human-driven cars in New York City alone (CBS New York). Clearly self-driving cars already have a better track record than their predecessors. 

However, people do have a right to worry. People should not be surrendering unmonitored control of the driving to their car just yet. There are some edges to human cognition that self-driving cars do not currently share. One of them is the knowledge that when driving in an unfamiliar area, some caution should be taken when accelerating around turns or at the peak of hills. I have been in cars that are set to regulate their speed to conditions of the road and the drivers around them, but on a nice day with no drivers in sight of the camera, they will ramp up speed as they reach the peak of the hill without any knowledge of what may be on the other side. Due to the superior reaction times of a computer as compared to a human, the car could likely avoid any unforeseen obstruction that was blocked by the hill, but its passengers would not have enjoyed the abrupt stop. Even without an accident, such an abrupt stop can cause collar bones to break when the body jerks against the seatbelt or airbags to deploy. Such a need for abrupt stops would have been eliminated by a careful human driver who was aware of what could be lurking over the hill and slowed down in anticipation. 

The fact that self-driving cars are not ready to chauffeur people around en masse just yet does not mean that it’s not coming though or that its reality is anything to fear. These cars just need more training, and unlike people, when one car trains, they all learn. Whether its navigating the Pittsburgh left or learning to be cautious when its camera does not detect straight road ahead, when one car learns, they all learn because they all share the technology. Thankfully, for the consumer, the transition to a self-driving car is a slow one. People will have time to adjust to the new reality. We have moved from cruise control to cars that will match pace with traffic. We have moved from rear-view cameras to cars that parallel park themselves. People are feeling safer about letting their car take over and when consumers are ready to give up the wheel, the cars manufacturers will be there with a self-driving version. And when that day comes, we’ll all be safer for it, and maybe the number of cyclists killed in New York City in a given year will finally reach zero.

CBSNewYork. “NYC Pedestrian Deaths Drop 32 Percent Last Year.” CBS New York, CBS New York, 8 Jan. 2018, newyork.cbslocal.com/2018/01/08/2017-pedestrian-deaths-nyc/.
