There are many advantages and disadvantages to self-driving cars. Those who argue for them state that so long as a human is behind the wheel, there is bound to be an accident due to the error in human judgement or distraction. Furthermore, costs are saved in insurance as more careful robot drivers replace their human counterparts. Many other factors, from the potential to eliminate traffic and congestion to assisting disabled people with their travels, are listed as ways in which autonomous driving can shape the future positively.

Disadvantages of the self-driving cars, however, are also myriad. They are composed of expensive components, with costs likely to be paid by the consumer. There is the question of the durability of both the components and the network; could a self-driving car operate should snow cover its sensors, or if malicious hackers seek to exploit the algorithm? And what of privacy concerns, as the car requires enormous quantities of data to localize itself?

As technology evolves to replace more and more aspects of society, from automated manufacturing jobs to long-distance communications, there lies a question not of how far one CAN go in replacing humans, but rather how far one SHOULD go in doing so. The question of "should" presents itself as tech companies from Google to Tesla demonstrate bigger and better ways for cars to pilot themselves. But while all the fancy demos show the feasibility of this nascent industry, can the self-driving car truly be a benefit to society?

I for one do not believe that self-driving cars are a definite benefit to society. By buying in we place our lives squarely in the hands of a machine tied to a network. Society as a whole will be extremely vulnerable if "progress" is an ever-increasing blind faith and dependency on technology. Proponents of autonomous vehicles who are quick to point out "human error" as justification forget that machines are just as vulnerable as the humans who made them. Bugs can occur, computers can crash, and anyone with know-how can manipulate any algorithm. Combine this with the ever-prevalent mindset that technology can "do no wrong," and the consequences become far more severe when things do go wrong. The increasing ability for nefarious actors to cause chaos in society via technology was on full display during the 2016 election season, yet proponents of the self-driving car insist that technology is still not embedded deeply enough in our lives. There may be situations in which one can trust tech to do the right thing all the time; operating a high-speed vehicle with life-threatening consequences is not one of them.

Furthermore, the technology necessary to implement a worry-free autonomous vehicle is prohibitively expensive. To be specific, $100,000 in sensors and software is heaped onto the consumer; we're talking $100,000 in sensors that most likely won't function in extreme conditions such as blizzards, and software that is based on the infamously error-prone GPS. This goes to show that sometimes the most expensive and advanced technology can't replace the reliability of human eyesight, motor skills and common sense.  

Not mentioned in the article by Auto Insurance Center is that advances in automobile safety, and the laws that govern the roads we drive on, have drastically decreased fatalities over the last decade. If funds were spent to continue improving safety mechanisms, rather than on reinventing the wheel with expensive and unproven self-driving cars, then we may find a preferable equilibrium in which technological advances provide more conveniences on the road, without having us completely surrender control over our vehicles.   





























