Technology remains to be the backbone of civilizations. Over the years, most societies developed new innovative ideas to make the human experience easier and more efficient. In the earlier years of humanity's history, technology referred to wheels and ships that could safely travel for a day. Now, in the age of the technological boom, innovators race for new patents and ideas that could have not have been dreamed about by past societies. For instance, hover boards are essentially skateboards that are motorized which should have been a new frontier for technology. However, hover boards are, now, used to entertain the public with their spectacular, flaming explosions on the internet. Does the self-driving car have the same fiery fate? No, I believe the self-driving car will end up having more positive qualities than negative qualities due to its inherent potential. 

For starters, this technology can add up to over 100,000 dollars for the entirety of the system. The average American has a salary of about 60,000. So, that car would be worth almost two American salaries. Another idea that strikes a cord would be that there are glitches with mechanics that a normal person can't fix. Even human hackers break into the systems and potentially take a life. Finally, there are so many every day problems that could interfere with the technology like a cow in the middle of the road or local driving laws unique to certain areas that the car can't adapt to. The people in the car business need the jobs to support families while computers have no need for a job. In the argument against self-driving cars, the cons make decent points.

However, the pros outweigh the cons by far. Of course, the technology will cost more when it first arrives. Calculators used be 395 dollars when they first came out. Now, they are free. When the industry begins to mass produce, the cost will steadily decrease if demand stays constant. Also, 81% of accidents occur due to human error which would be reduced with focused and tested technology. Self-driving cars could use machine constancy to save human lives, insurance money, medical bills, and time if instituted correctly. There can be higher speed limits if computers are allowed to drive which increases efficiency in transportation. The self-driving car can even take care of the needy. Now, the elderly and people with disabilities can use cars too which can save their time and sense of independence. For instance, remember the first airplane? It could barely hold one person aloft and was made of flammable wood. Now, airports and flights are integral parts of the worlds of business and leisure. Not to mention that most of the cons dealt with the loss of human jobs in the car business. But, the technology has to be assembled and programmed by man. Some new jobs will be created as well.

All in all, the pros seem to handily overcome the cons. The cons start with advantages in the initial staging of production that deal with overpricing, unpredictable mechanical failure, and substantial job loss. However, technology can become cheaper with mass production, reduce the considerable human error in accidents, save time, money, and lives, and can improve the lives of the dependent. Jobs will emerge in the expanding field as has happened in the past. Technology needs time to become refined and protected before a life can be tested though. But if that big, bulky plane can be navigated and depended on by a computer, then why not the automobile?































