In today's society, we are seeing the start of a new era in technology where artificial intelligence (AI) is becoming mainstream, and so is our reliance on them. Examples of these can be found in homes, social media, and everyday retail. 

Many dystopian books and films would like you to believe that the gradual integration of AI is the start of our societal downfall, but this is simply not the case--take self-driving cars for example. For those of you who are unfamiliar, self-driving cars are cars that rely on AI to give the vehicles directions and to literally drive itself without human interaction.

In general, this is a great improvement to driving safety as it can provide a much secure form of driving. Humans are easily fallible--they get distracted, they get sleepy, and they can choose to drive while under the influence--which drastically increases the chance of accidents. Computers, however, are literally unable to succumb to such mistakes and are therefore safer.

Additionally, computers are able to communicate with other computers easily, unlike humans who have no form of communicating to any driver in close proximity, allowing multiple self-driving cars on the road to sense each other within seconds and negotiate the road together.

However, many people think that if we were to rely on these AI-driven cars, it would be a slow demise for us. Self-driving cars are hackable. They can be fooled. And they rely on people en masse to "opt-in" and buy their own self-driving car because one self-driving car cannot talk to another vehicle which cannot reciprocate. 

But what these naysayers are forgetting is that all of these downfalls can be remedied with time--we are only seeing the beginning of this new stage in automation. It is a natural process to introduce new technology into society and wait for newer models to come out until it is perfected. Without giving technology the chance to enhance with time by dismissing the technology early would be like telling a kid to stop practicing at something because they were awful in the beginning.

Here is a simple example of how we can slowly rely on technology to assist us: traffic lights. Way before we relied on traffic lights to help guide us through intersections, we had traffic guards to help us. But over time, we allowed ourselves to accept traffic lights instead of a human to help us through. And of course, it wasn't perfect or even similar to the version we have today! It also had a simpler code and fewer systems to help us, but we let it stay up and now we have near-perfect traffic light control and coordination.

The point is, the more we work on this technology, the safer it will become. The negative points are valid and are good observations on the current self-driving cars we have today, but we tend to forget that it is not an indication of what it could be. Of what it could provide for us. And how helpful and much safer it could actually be for us in the long-term. Manufacturers, scientists, and computer scientists alike will develop new software updates to prevent its hackability. Will improve upon its spatial awareness and its adaptability in order for the programs to be fooled as easily. And the more we improve upon it, the more widespread the technology will be, which will cause its pricepoint to decrease and in turn make self-driving cars much more accessible.

There is also the concern about the start of a dystopian-like society. "What if we become too reliant on our technology and then it decides to stop working, or it turns against us?" To that, dear reader, I say: science-fiction is still science-fiction. Just because we learned how to use a calculator does not mean we have stopped learning mathematics in school. Just because we have the autopilot in planes does not mean we do not stop teaching pilots how to fly. And just because we can use self-driving cars does not mean we will stop learning how to drive.

But I will definitely tell you this: stick shift deserves to become forgotten and buried forever.