	Even though many of us believe that technological advances have made our society more convenient and efficient in a variety of areas, including communication tools, shopping experiences, and personalized online streaming services, there has always been controversy on whether the technology is making our society better or not. Drastic changes that technologies can bring to our lives are sometimes not easily accepted by society due to the potential, sometimes dangerous, disadvantages that might make our lives worse. One of such controversial topics currently being discussed widely is self-driving cars. Academic institutions and industry have started testing the practical use of the self-driving technology that requires no drivers to drive, but as the self-driving technology can potentially risk human's life by causing more car accidents that human drivers could prevent, people are very concerned and skeptical about its use. While I admit that the risk can be high, I believe that the self-driving technology can create more opportunities for people, particularly those having a variety of difficulties and it also helps detect "errors" easily which can be used to continuously improve the technology. 
	First, self-driving cars can be useful not only for ordinal people but also people with a variety of needs, such as disabled people, pregnant women, and people having a fear of driving a car. These people, because they cannot drive a car, need to use public transportation or assistance when they go shopping, travel, and/or commute. This can be very hard, especially in a location where public transportation is not developed and/or in busy cities where other people are always in hurry. 
	Self-driving cars can provide an easier, better, and personalized way for these people who do not drive and have trouble using public transportation. Although there are several risks associated with self-driving cars, including the inability of operating safely in a variety of weather conditions and traffic situations, we still do not know whether these risks are higher than those associated with human drivers, such as distraction, drinking, and sleeping during driving. In other words, there is always a risk when driving a car, regardless of the use of the self-driving technology. When there is no evidence that self-driving cars cause more accidents, it is reasonable and more important to promote self-driving cars which can create a better transportation opportunity for people having a hard time driving and using other means of transportation. 
	Furthermore, self-driving cars can minimize the risks mentioned above through iterative data collection and analyses on their safety technology. One of the advantages of self-driving cars is that, when an accident occurs, analysis of data can reveal the cause of the accident in a reliable way. This means that the algorithm will be improved continuously and therefore a new algorithm will likely prevent a similar accident in the future. It is almost impossible to detect the exact cause when an accident occurs due to a human error, partly because human memory is sometimes inconsistent and is not perfect. Therefore reliable evidence on how and why the accident occurred would not be provided, making it difficult to understand how to prevent similar accidents in the future. Even when we detect factors that caused the accident, the immediate improvement would not happen. A variety of educational programs and policy changes have been implemented to prevent car accidents, but such changes require much more time to prove their actual impact than technological improvement given to self-driving cars. 
	To summarize, I believe that introducing self-driving cars can provide new opportunities for those having difficulty driving and using other transportation. It also minimizes risks associated with the self-driving technologies in the future as we collect driving data, which would decrease the number of car accidents and therefore offer a better experience for people.