	As the years go by, our society, especially American society, continues to reach farther and farther into the future. One of the up-and-coming debates of recent years is self-driving cars. While they are still in their infancy, self-driving cars have both potential advantages and disadvantages for future use. Some of the advantages include a reduction in motor vehicle accidents for the general population. There are many reasons as to why this may occur. First, there are no opportunities for a computer to become distracted while driving.  Because computers use several different complicated algorithms to determine different factors for safe driving, such as appropriate stopping distance and the distance from other vehicles, this would dramatically decrease the chances of a car accident. Besides just safety, self-driving cars would be beneficial to society in other ways as well. Self-driving cars would also be beneficial for disabled individuals who mainly have to rely on public transportation or assistance to get around. 
        While the self-driving car has its advantages, it also has disadvantages as well. One of the main concerns is cost. 
The cost of implementing self-driving cars is too expensive for the average citizen to be able to reasonably afford.  Along with the cost, there is the implication that if self-driving cars are adopted and widely used, this could have a negative impact on public transportation that was already in existence. For example, taxi drivers, buses, etc. While the costs are a main concern, with new technology, comes new unknowns.  These unknowns could range from malfunctions or repairs or possibly even lawsuits with private data of the individual and the list goes on and on.  Self-driving cars have a lot of unknowns simply because they haven't been put out for widespread use in our society yet.  As time passes, once they are continually used, this will not be the case.  While there are several advantages to self-driving cars, if they are implemented correctly, at this moment in time self-driving cars seem to be more detrimental than beneficial to society at such a primal stage of development. 
	Self-driving cars, if implemented correctly, would bring society further into the future. However, at this stage self-driving cars are not beneficial to society. Ideally, cars that are controlled by computers could reduce accidents. However, with this new technology there are several unknowns.  For example, one of the cons for self-driving cars is adaptation. It's unclear as to how self-driving cars would maneuver through roadblocks or unique local driving laws. Computers could have difficulty identifying the different local and state rules with regard to the road. Another issue for self-driving cars is reliability. If I'm going to put my life in the hands of a self-driving car, personally I would need to know that it is guaranteed not to malfunction. As of now, there's no guarantee. The main point for the counter argument for self-driving cars being beneficial to society is that it will reduce accidents. However, I don't see that as a strong point. There's absolutely no guarantee that accidents will be reduced because there is no evidence that the computer in the self-driving car would be able to adapt to certain conditions that might cause an accident. Further, isn't it a possibility for computers to still make mistakes? With this said, while self-driving cars may be beneficial to society at some point down the road, there still needs to be a lot more testing done to ensure and fully guarantee the safety of passengers. As of now, with so many unknown problems, self-driving cars are not beneficial to society. 