Far too often, the media presents heart-wrenching stories of innocent people killed in car accidents from drunk or distracted drivers. Who would argue against a solution to these preventable problems? One proposed yet controversial solution is implementing self-driving cars on the roads. While many benefits exist, I still do not support their use in society. The benefits of self-driving cars are easily understood: they greatly reduce human error, which causes 81% of car accidents. The number of minor accidents like rear-endings would decrease because the computers of self-driving cars would use algorithms to calculate appropriate stopping distances. On the same note, as Google's director of their self-driving car program stated, self-driving cars are more courteous and defensive drivers than normal drivers. Better, more cautious drivers would lead to safer driving conditions for all parties. Furthermore, as The New York Times suggests, self-driving cars would greatly help elderly and disabled people travel. Self-driving cars would be of great use to those who cannot operate a vehicle. Plus, the stress of parking would decrease as self-driving cars drop passengers off at their destination. People would receive less parking tickets and save time on parking, making an overall easier travel experience. Additionally, self-driving cars would also reduce traffic congestion by electronically communicating in a process called “platooning” and enable more people to be on the road at once. The roads would greatly improve with steadier traffic and quicker travel times, with potentially higher speed limits. Other drivers could even maximize their gasoline usage. Overall, self-driving cars would offer people better travel with safer roads, less traffic, and time saved. However, self-driving cars pose many drawbacks. To begin, self-driving cars currently have a huge price tag of over $100,000, thereby diminishing the number of Americans able to buy one. Even if people do not purchase self-driving cars, the high cost to use them as a taxi would deter potential customers. Also, if self-driving cars do not become extremely widespread, they would not offer their maximum potential in preventing accidents and saving time and cost because they could not platoon together. Why would America use self-driving cars at all if these features would go to waste? Moreover, self-driving cars that rely on sensors, GPS devices, and traffic signals would malfunction if these other technology sources failed. Specifically, inclement weather impairs the sensor abilities of self-driving cars, putting people on the road during a storm at risk. Both passengers in self-driving cars and people driving next to them would feel anxious at the idea of the cars malfunctioning. With many places for technical errors, self-driving cars could be quite dangerous and daunting for all travelers. On a broader scale, ethical concerns would arise during a car accident with a human and self-driving car, leaving ambiguous blame toward the car itself and the car company. We must consider the potential legal implications and establish new ethical laws before we use self-driving cars. In short, America would not fully gain all of the benefits of self-driving cars unless more were on the road than human drivers, but this concept would not happen quickly due to high cost and people's hesitations. The transition phase of slowly adding self-driving cars would cause lingering tension on the road. While self-driving cars offer an efficient solution to multiple driving issues, they pose too big of a threat to incorporate into modern society.  At this time, since the perks do not outweigh the persistent cons, perhaps America is not ready for self-driving cars. 