	Self-driving cars are the future, or at least that’s what tech and driving companies like Uber and Google are telling us. The 33,000 fatalities per year caused by car accidents might be able to be reduced. However, self-driving cars present many technology barriers and potential disadvantages. Is it actually worth it to society to implement self-driving cars? 
	There are many benefits of self-driving cars. Humans are not perfect, but computers can be better than humans at one specified task – such as driving. Human error, especially from distractions at the wheel, causes 81% of car accidents, and use of computers will remove human error completely from the equation. In addition, computers can calculate when to stop, slow down or speed up, turn, and more, which is safer and more appropriate than a human’s quick guesstimation. Computers can also be programmed to always be defensive drivers; unlike people, who range from defensive to offensive in their driving styles. Because of this, self-driving cars would reduce accidents, resulting in reduced health and insurance costs for society. In addition, these calculations could improve traffic due to a behavior called platooning. This would allow people to have more time to do work or spend their time in more enjoyable ways while traveling instead of staring down a drab highway. As pointed out by a Forbes article, there is a cost savings associated with time, such as time spent driving. Lastly, suggested by the New York Times, self-driving cars could help disabled or elderly individuals get around. 
	However, self-driving cars do have drawbacks. Humans would still need to know how to operate them, according to Teletrac, and the cost of implementation is high. Current estimations of costs of a self-driving car is more than $100,000, much more than what people spend today on a car. All of society would need to adopt the technology, and trust the technology, otherwise accidents would still occur with people still on the road. In addition, this technology would be at a high risk for hacking and data breaches, as noted by The Guardian, who claims that the nefarious hackers would be very interested in the technology. Self-driving cars could also eliminate transportation sector jobs, impacting the economy and increasing the unemployment rate. Finally, if an accident happened, who would be to blame - man or machine? And if an accident did happen, how would the cars interpret temporary human traffic signals? Would humans even know how to operate cars anymore, or would they be stuck until the cause of the accident is fixed? 
	Yes, there are many drawbacks to self-driving cars. This includes the obstacle of getting the technology to do what we want it to do, the bigger obstacle of implementing this large change into society and infrastructure, and risks of fully depending on technology for transportation. However, the pros of self-driving cars outweigh the cons. All great technology developments of history have obstacles in technology and implementation. All dependence on technology has risks. This situation is no different from the developments of the first cars or airplanes or even cell phones. We stand to risk nothing and win nothing, or reap the benefits of saving lives, reducing traffic, allowing all to have transportation, and more. We just have to take this risk.
	When I think of the future, I imagine everything as automated. This includes automatic transportation, such as the use of self-driving cars. Although current technology is a long way away from fully automated transportation, I am confident that human society will get there. Flying in planes initially seemed impossible, but is now done by millions of people every day. Self-driving cars will one day be the same - once thought impossible, but eventually taken for granted. Even though there are many drawbacks, such as challenges in technology, implementation, and worst-case scenarios when technology goes wrong or is hacked, the benefits – reduced accidents, saving human lives, less traffic, and better transportation for all – are well worth the risk. 