The potential benefits of self-driving cars mentioned in the Auto Insurance Center article, "Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated with Self-Driving Cars," are significant: no need for a driving license, reduction of distracted driving, and more time for other activities while in the car. However, those benefits assume the car would be in control 100% of the time, which is not realistic. Operators need to be aware and prepared to take control in the event of an emergency. Without more conversation about the education that drivers would need to have to successfully operate self-driving cars and more research into privacy and safety, driver-less cars will not be as beneficial as some might think. 
	The article lists not needing to get a driving license as an advantage of self-driving cars, but that license is still necessary. Sources including Teletrac note that drivers would still have to be trained in how to properly operate the vehicle in self-driving mode. The article also makes the point that over-relying on technology could mean that drivers would no longer have the skills to override the system and manually control the vehicle in the event of a failure. Thus, self-driving cars actually require more education: both standard self-driving car operating procedures as well as regular driving training. A potential benefit mentioned in the article is that people who can't normally operate cars--those who are disabled, elderly, or intoxicated--could operate a self-driving car, but even if trained on how to properly operate a self-driving car, these individuals may not have the  capacity to manually drive the vehicle if a technological failure requires immediate human intervention. Concerning, the article says, "when a computer takes over the driving responsibilities, drivers can use that time to [...] catch up on reading [...] without having to worry too much about road safety." Not having to worry "too much" could put operators in a dangerous position should they need to take over should a system fail. Therefore, benefits--such as reduction of distracted driving and time in the car for other activities--have their limits, as drivers will need to be paying enough attention to take over in an emergency situation. 
	Even if operators were given the necessary education to enjoy those benefits to some degree, there remains 
a second major concern: safety and privacy. The articles mentions several features that would help with safety, such as reducing human error and determining appropriate stopping distances. However, it also mentions that hacking is a safety concern for many reporting sources, including the Guardian. In 2016, seemingly harmless Internet connected devices such as refrigerators were used to crash major websites such as Twitter and Amazon. If that large scale of an attack can happen with simple devices, there is obvious reason for concern about having a car connected to the Internet that could be remotely manipulated into driving dangerously. In addition to physical safety concerns, the car would have a plethora of personal data on the operators' movements. The article supports this by saying that people are "concerned about the opportunity for a computer build into the self-driving car to collect personal data." Personal safety and privacy are non-negotiable requirements of a successful self-driving car initiative.
	The technology to protect citizens' personal data and physical well-being has not caught up with the technology of the self-driving cars. Although self-driving cars have many benefits, alert, educated operators still have to be ready to take over in an emergency, negating those advantages. 