The concept of self-driving cars is something everybody wishes for in their imaginations, but is also a concept that could prove to be greatly problematic if it is not handled in an intelligent way. Self-driving cars in theory are a wonderful thing; You would save so much time that you would have spent driving, and there wouldn't be any human error that leads to the numerous accidents that we hear about on a yearly basis. However, now that they are in active development, what's the consensus? What do people think? While there are definitely some who are against self-driving cars, I am in favor of working on them for their potential contribution to major computer science problems, the amount of time that could be used for things other than driving, and that while the problems that are plaguing the self-driving car problem are problems now, they won't be in the future with sufficiently advanced technology. 
	The interesting thing about Self Driving Cars is that their greatest strengths also serve as great weaknesses. If we were to talk about the pros of self-driving cars, it would easily be that they remove all risk that a human driver would bring to the table. They would have perfect control of the car, removing all risks of drunk driving or some irregular movement on the part of the driver. If done right, self-driving cars could remove all human error from driving and save many lives that would've been lost to vehicle related incidents. 
	That being said, removing the human from the equation isn't a viable solution, especially at this point in the development cycle for self-driving cars. Without the human, you no longer have any cognitive judgement regarding driver safety. Cars may determine to use the most efficient road rather than the one safest for the passengers. Cars may also not be able to function in bad weather, as heavy precipitation could result in damage to integral sensors needed for the self-driving functionality. The cars may not be able to recognize things human could (human turn signals for example). Removing the human removes all of the risk of a human driver, but also all of the potential problem solving that humans could perform in an emergency behind the wheel. 
	With those valid problems being reasonable concerns, I am in favor of self-driving cars. Aside from the fact that I don't think I'm a good driver (I'm probably not), I believe that working on the self-driving car problem goes a long way in solving many problems in Computer Science. An example is that a self-driving car would need to be able to have a car recognize other cars, measure distance, discern road hazards, etc. This requires a very advance Computer Vision system to be able to work. A car would also need to have an advanced machine learning model in order to discern driver etiquette, such as stopping for children stepping off of a school bus, yielding to ambulances, etc. Lots of Computer Science problems are making progress and will continue to make progress due to working on self-driving cars. As a computer scientist, self-driving cars are a very exciting field, and I will hopefully be able to continue watching it grow.
	Let's now look at the concept of self-driving cars from a convenience perspective. Let's face it, most humans are either lazy, or they want to work as much as possible. In this regard, self-driving cars are capable of enabling both of these options. First of all, let's consider when a human is feeling lazy. In this case, the human can save lots of effort by not having to drive between destinations. The human is free to do other tasks (i.e. sleeping), while the car is responsible for transporting the human to their desired location. This ties in directly with the next case, which is when a human wants be as productive as possible. If a car is capable of driving itself to wherever the human wishes to go, then the human now has some extra time on their hands to make a phone call, read some documents for work, etc. The time the human saves due to the self-driving car is now time the human can use to get something done.
	Lastly, I believe that all of the problems that are attributed to self driving cars will not be an issue in the future. Leaving all talk of the Computer Science issues aside (I covered that two paragraphs ago), let's look at some of the other issues that people have with self-driving cars. One problem is that people don't want to hand over control to a computer because they can't trust them. In my opinion, this problem is something that most humans have had to deal with for quite some time in other aspects of life. I'm sure when the elevator was first introduced, people avoided it in favor of stairs. As a technology matures, so does the reliability attributed to it. Another issue that the public brings up is the issue of cost. Self-driving cars are expensive. This too will come down as manufacturing becomes more efficient and prices for materials drop (computers now are worth around as much as they used to years ago, and computers nowadays are much more advanced). I believe that most problems that are attributed with self-driving cars now will either disappear or become irrelevant in the future after the technology matures, costs decrease and the market matures.
	I support self-driving cars, and think they are leading the way towards a better future. I'm personally looking forward to a future where I can read books or play video games on the road while my car takes care of all of the driving. I'm looking forward to other areas of my life being enriched due to research that was done for the sake of self driving cars (hopefully video game AI could become more advanced as a result). Lastly, I'm looking forward to laughing with people who used to be skeptic about  self-driving technology, but have adopted it completely after it became viable. I think self-driving cars are and will later be beneficial to society.