	When Back to the Future I and II were released in the 80's, many people were captivated by the technology showed throughout the films. Even though technology has greatly advanced within the last decade, it still has not reached the status of flying cars and floating hover boards. As we inch closer to 2020, the idea of having such technology does not seem impossible anymore. Olivier Garret stated in a Forbes article that he believed 10 million self-driving cars will be on the road by 2020, and one out of four cars will be self-driving by 2030. Although Back to the Future II predicted cars flying in 2015, the estimate of 2020 for self-driving cars is not that far off. 
	Within the past year, companies like Ford, Honda, BMW and Tesla are some of the automakers that are pushing for self-driving technology. This makes complete sense as technology is increasing forward and will continue to do so as long as there is a need for it. However, there are many drawbacks when implementing something so new and different. There is not a lot of previous data or research to consult with. If an error/accident occurs, it will be difficult to pinpoint the problem. It would be very hard to distinguish if the problem lies with individual car or if it encompasses all self-driving cars. Problems like this will eventually be answered, but it is going to take some time before it can be done efficiently. The advantages outweigh the disadvantages because technology is improving constantly, and there is a need for better transportation. The modes of transportation that are available now work decently, but can always be improved. As a result, society is better off by using self-driving cars because it provides more opportunities and resources that can help improve human life. 
	The best advantage of self-driving cars is to overall reduce human error. Human error is known to be a cause of major accidents, especially when a driver is trying to multi-task and focus on other things besides driving. Although it is easy to forget, the human brain is not a machine. It is an organ that responds uniquely to problems and can produce multiple solutions. A machine differs from the brain because it has a set algorithm programmed to provide an expected solution. There is no wrong solution as the only appropriate solution is already being used. Self-driving cars can help reduce accidents caused by humans since they do not have an inclination to be distracted. The machine has one job and it does it efficiently. As a result, drivers will no longer be distracted when multi-tasking. In addition to reducing human error, self-driving cars will provide more opportunities by providing transportation to those who cannot drive.  
	All in all, technological advances are going to occur as we become smarter as a species. When technology advances too far too quickly, there can be some concerns about the quality of the product and its functionality.
	Potential problems/disadvantages of self-driving cars include an increased rate in unemployment. Driving instructors, DMV tellers and employees of companies like Uber and Lyft, will definitely suffer as there will be less of a demand for those services. Self-driving cars can complete tasks more safely and efficiently than humans. As self-driving cars increase, the amount of jobs available will decrease. Although this is an important concern, technology failure (i.e. glitches), would be an even greater problem. Accidents could be more fatal and insurance rates might increase to account for that. It would not be surprising if insurance companies came up with required coverage for autonomous cars. Instead of purchasing just a basic insurance plan, insurance companies would have the ability to raise the price however they want. Auto insurance companies already receive way too much money, but if there was a way to get two for the price of one, many people would be more likely to get a self-driving car. 
	Overall, self-driving cars have many benefits and are an integral part of society. They can make the roads safer, provide more opportunities, and most importantly, save lives. As ambitious as it may be, having 10 million cars on the road by 2020 is not impossible and surprisingly, it might happen sooner than we think. 