	The idea of having self-driving cars may have seemed far away into the future until now. Or is it? The first reaction would be to love the new, innovative idea. However, every time technology introduces a revolutionary invention; it is always met with various critical drawbacks. Many acknowledge that self-driving cars could lower car accidents, drunk driving, reduce traffic, and create higher speed limits with the use of computer algorithms. However, the supporters of the new innovation are oblivious to the negative results that may occur. Self-driving cars cannot be implemented in society because of the potential risks and dangers that may occur in the future. 
	Research shows that the creation of self-driving cars would cause unemployment in the transportation sector. Not only will taxi drivers, bus drivers, car instructors, workers, and personal injury lawyers lose their jobs, but also the gasoline industry and auto manufacturers. America cannot afford to lose two of the biggest industries that create large amounts of revenue for America. On top of that, self-driving cars would not be consumer friendly. The average American citizen would not be able to purchase these cars because of the high cost. The engineering, software, sensors, and power/computer requirements itself costs $100,000. However, proponents of the new innovation still say that the solution to cities that have inadequate public transportation is self-driving cars. This is a clear misconception because public transportation would cease to exist and people would not be able to afford the new cars. The citizens that rely on public transportation will be left with no option to get to work or go about their daily lives. Ultimately, the adoption of self-driving cars is a bad choice that will negatively affect the workers and the economy. 
	Another huge risk is security and safety. It is true that humans get distracted when driving and may make critical mistakes. Although self-driving cars may not get distracted, they are more likely to malfunction. Implementing computers in cars would bring all the vulnerabilities of the computer with it. Issues regarding identity theft are unavoidable because of the extensive amounts of information that must be stored in computers for the car to operate. Personal data in the software such as bank account information could be stolen by hackers. In the most extreme case, hackers possibly could control the car and run it off a cliff. This issue also brings up a safety hazard because self-driving cars are only suited for the perfect scenario. In bad weather situations such as heavy rain and snow, laser sensors will fail. In addition, self-driving cars would have a hard time driving through hazards, detours, accidents, and on roads because of the varying road laws in each state. Although the use of GPS maps has aided a lot of drivers today, there are times when the directions are inaccurate. Since self-driving cars rely on the GPS, there is a possibility in which cars could take dangerous turns off the road. Technological failures are inevitable for self-driving cars.
	In a perfect society, self-driving cars can definitely exist. In our world today, America is far from it. There will be a serious discussion of overhauling the automobile industry only when there are no flaws and testings are perfect. However, it seems foolish to start now. Promise and opportunity are not enough to fully adopt self-driving cars. 