	There are many advantages and disadvantages to self-driving cars. Those who argue for them state that so long as a human is behind the wheel, there is bound to be an accident due to the error in human judgement or distraction. Many other factors, from the potential to eliminate traffic to assisting disabled people with their travels, are listed as ways in which autonomous driving can shape the future positively. 
	Disadvantages of self-driving cars, however, are also myriad. They are composed of expensive components, with costs likely to be paid by the consumer. There is the question of durability concerning both the components and the network; could a self-driving car operate should snow cover its sensors, or if malicious hackers seek to exploit the algorithm? And what of privacy concerns, as cars requires enormous quantities of data to localize themselves? 
	As technology evolves to replace more aspects of society, from automated manufacturing to long-distance communications, there lies a question not of how far one CAN go in replacing humans, but rather how far one SHOULD go in doing so. This question presents itself as tech companies from Google to Tesla demonstrate more ways for cars to pilot themselves. But while the fancy demos show the feasibility of this nascent industry, can the self-driving car truly be a benefit to society? 
	I for one do not believe that self-driving cars are a definite benefit to society. By buying in to such a largely unproven and expensive platform, we place our lives squarely in the hands of a machine tied to a network. Society as a whole will be extremely vulnerable if "progress" is an ever-increasing blind faith and dependency on technology. Proponents of autonomous vehicles who are quick to point out "human error" as justification forget that machines are just as vulnerable as the humans who made them. Bugs can occur, computers can crash, and anyone with know-how can manipulate any algorithm. As recent fatal accidents involving self-driving Teslas show, computer errors can be just as deadly as human ones.
Combine this with the ever-prevalent mindset that technology can "do no wrong," and the consequences become far more severe when things do go wrong. Such false sense of security endangers the safety and privacy of millions. The ability for nefarious actors to cause chaos via technology was on full display during the 2016 election season, yet proponents of self-driving cars suggest that technology is still not embedded deeply enough in our lives. There may be situations where one can trust tech to do the right thing all the time; operating a high-speed vehicle with life-threatening consequences is not one of them. 
	Furthermore, the technology necessary to implement a worry-free autonomous vehicle is prohibitively expensive. To be specific, $100,000 in sensors and software is heaped onto the consumer; we're talking $100,000 in sensors that most likely won't function in extreme conditions such as blizzards, and software that is based on the infamously error-prone GPS. This goes to show that sometimes the most expensive and advanced technology can't replace the reliability of human eyesight, motor skills and common sense. 
	Not mentioned in the article by Auto Insurance Center is that advances in automobile safety, and the laws that govern the roads we drive on, have drastically decreased fatalities over the last decade. If funds were spent to continue improving safety mechanisms, rather than on reinventing the wheel with expensive and unproven self-driving cars, then we may find a preferable equilibrium in which technological advances provide more conveniences on the road, without having us completely surrender control over our vehicles. 