        3. am in the morning after drinking with your best friends at junior high, you are drunk, exhausted, and lost in the middle of nowhere. You want to call a cab, but no one is near. You want to drive home, but you are too scared to start the gear. What you need is a self-driving car. 
	Autonomous driving is a new and contentious area. There are many uncertainties related to this field. Some people may contend that it is unclear how self-driving cars will manage various hazards on the road. Some people may insist that rely too much on technology will turn people dumb. Some people may argue that starting up a new technique will spend too much money. Despite having so many challenges, researches in self-driving cars are promising in my opinion. I believe that self-driving cars can help people to save their time, reduce the number of traffic accidents, and provide freedom and benefit to the disabled and the elder. 
	To me, self-driving car can save our time.We can can enjoy themselves or work when the computer is driving. This is especially beneficial for those who live far from their working places. Additionally, the platooning among self-driving cars can partially solve congestion. People will spent less time waiting on the road. Furthermore, if the computational algorithm is accurate enough, people no longer need a strict speed limit. People will be able to drive faster and remain safe.Sensors in cars may also allow cars to ride closer to each other. This allows more cars to drive on the road together. therefore, the self-driving car can significantly save our time. 
	Another critical aspect is that self-driving car can save our lives. Human can be very easily distracted. Their minds flow away when they drive. Besides, they might be drunk or sleepy in the car. According to the Center for Disease Control, “Many of [traffic] accidents are preventable, and an alarming number of them are a result of distracted driving.” On the contrary, AI can never be distracted. Neither can it be drunk, sick or tired. It uses a complicated algorithm and communicates with another self-driving car to ensure traffic safety. Thus, it is better to let AI take the wheel. 
	It is also worthy of notice that self-driving cars can allow the elder and the disabled to drive. Without an AI driver, they have to rely heavily on public transportation or other people in order to travel. However, you cannot expect buses to arrive whenever you want. And friends or family members are not available at 24/7 too. Hence, self-driving cars can be their loyal friends. Therefore, self-driving cars can allow the disabled and elder citizens to drive. 
        Admittedly, learning to use a self-driving car can be a bit tricky, but it cannot be harder than learning to drive on your own. Besides, hackers around the world will be interested to attack the self-navigating system, as they are interested in attacking bank system or government system. Although the rise of self-driving car may dwarf some traditional area such as gasoline, it will also boost new field such as electricity. Nothing is perfect, but self-driving cars are better than  what we currently have.
	In conclusion, self-driving cars are our future. By using them properly, we can save more pedestrians’ lives, save our time and take greater care of the elder and disabled citizens. 