What comes to your mind when you think of the roadways in the city of Pittsburgh? Perhaps it is the countless stop lights and yield signs, the torrents of pedestrians and cyclists, the constant stopping for Port Authority buses, or the traffic congestion during rush hour. One aspect of Pittsburgh traffic that likely did not come to your mind is how the roadways themselves are not always a safe place for all citizens. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, nearly 81% of vehicular accidents occur as a direct result of human error. This evidence has resulted in many people questioning whether self-driving vehicular technology could propel the city of Pittsburgh into a bright, sustaining, and safer future. 
	Many people argue that the implementation of self-driving technology will not be beneficial to society. The time and cost associated with teaching people to utilize the technology itself properly is relatively impressive. Likewise, the cost to manufacture the technology presently makes purchasing a self-driving vehicle difficult for even affluent middle class citizens. Because of this, self-driving technology will be largely unavailable to most members of society for the time being- in the city of Pittsburgh and across our nation. 
	Despite these negative aspects of self-driving technology, an overwhelmingly positive attribute is that it virtually eradicates the risk of a vehicular accident caused by human error. This enables self-driving technology to save not only lives, but time and money, as well. As the technology can lead to a decrease in automobile related deaths and injuries, fewer people will be in need of the attention and care of law enforcement officers, first-responders, and medical care providers. This frees victims from the costs associated with vehicular accidents, as well as freeing officers and medical workers from the countless automobile-related incidents that they handle each year. This saved time will enable these workers to shift their focus towards more serious crimes, and towards other medical needs, therefore keeping local communities a more safe and healthy environment for all citizens. Citizens will also save time as they will no longer have to focus on navigating Pittsburgh's roadways. Rather, drivers and passengers alike are encouraged to accomplish more behind the wheel than ever before by utilizing the newfound personal time that self-driving technology creates. Along with saving time, fewer automobile accidents has the potential to save public institutions, predominantly healthcare and insurance companies, money as there will be a drastic decrease in cases and claims relating to vehicular accidents. 
	Self-driving technology is a topic of both uncertainty and promise in today's society, and deciding whether implementing this technology within the city of Pittsburgh would be valuable takes an understanding of both perspectives of the issue itself. Self-driving technology is esteemed to eliminate the risk of an automobile accident as a result of human error. It also has potential to save lives, valuable time, and money. For these reasons, the long-term compatibility of Pittsburgh roadways and self-driving technology does seem promising. Although the cost of manufacturing the vehicles and of educating citizens is extensive, the money saved following the implementation of the technology has potential to bridge this gap. Similarly, as the use of self-driving technology becomes more widespread, the technology itself will become more readily available and affordable for citizens of all socioeconomic statuses. Behind the wheel of a self-driving vehicle, you will no longer have to worry about unexpected stop lights and yield signs, pedestrians, or Port Authority bus stops. During the aggravating traffic of rush hour, you could sit back in the drivers seat and relax. Introducing self-driving technology to the city of Pittsburgh will take time and effort, just as all good things do. It is with confidence that I recommend the implementation of self-driving technology in Pittsburgh to make roadways a safer, far less aggravating place, for all citizens.  