	The number of fatalities from distracted and reckless driving increases annually, demonstrating a need for safer roadways. Self-driving cars, a futuristic technology being developed and tested in the present, has many advantages and disadvantages. In a technologically driven world, the incorporation of self-driving vehicles seems likely. Self-driving cars offer drivers an opportunity to not be liable for distracted driving and other responsibilities, resulting in time efficiency. However, the new technology raises concerns with safety, standards, and overall popularity. The future of self-driving cars will be dependent on how many people accept the new technology as a part of daily life and routine. 
	Although self-driving cars seem exciting and innovative, there are many disadvantages of widely accepting it in society. Since the technology is still being developed and tested, many people raise questions and concerns regarding safety and education. In terms of safety, should the vehicle get into an accident, responsibility will be questionable. Another safety concern includes the large amount of stored personal information incorporated within the vehicle's software. Possible breaches in identity could occur and tarnish the appeal of self-transportation based technology. To understand how the software of the vehicle works, the need for new education will become a reality. Current education standards such as driver's education and behind-the-wheel could become virtually extinct should self-driving cars become widely adopted. In accordance with the absence of active driving education, coordination, peripheral, and basic driving skills will cease to be common reflexes and knowledge when applied behind the wheel. These disadvantages, along with many others, create negative outlooks on self-driving cars. 
	With the goal of creating safer and more efficient roadways in mind, self-driving cars offer many advantages to potential consumers. The technology involved is very advanced, with many algorithms controlling the speed, direction, and destination of the vehicle. The computer eliminates bad driving behavior displayed by humans. These behaviors include: speeding, driving under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol, and distracted driving. The elimination of these practices could lead to many potential benefits. Since the self-driving car controls the speed, speed limits could increase. This could lead to a decrease in travel time and increased productivity and efficiency. When people are not spending time driving, they can spend time doing other things, like working, checking their phones, or any other activity that could not be done when driving. Another potential advantage to self-driving cars is that car insurance could decrease or cease to exist at all due to the infrequency of accidents. These advantages, among others, are revolutionary to the open road as we now know it. 
	Self-driving cars are not developed enough to be beneficial to society. Self-driving cars in general are very new, with Google testing the product in a limited amount of states. Since Google is the main innovator in this field of technology, other car and gas companies could suffer economically from the rise of electric, self-driving vehicles. An additional downside of self-driving cars is the lack of control by the driver. While self-driving vehicles MAY prevent accidents, drivers can also take measures to prevent accidents. Good driving means choosing not to engage in distracting driving behaviors. These choices come from effective driving education and a strict legal system. Like education, laws would also have to be changed with the emergence of self-driving cars on the road. The most concerning aspect of self-driving cars is that the technology itself can fail. Increased reliance and dependence on technology causes chaos when it malfunctions. The overall likelihood that these cars will be adopted quickly is unlikely. People are subject to avoid change, especially changes in routine. 