I am in favor of self driving autonomous cars and am planning to be in line to buy one once they are implemented. The main advantage of artificial intelligence is it is not biased and cannot be distracted, thereby eliminating accidents,which are always based on human error,according to all statistics. The fact the machine would observe all speed limits,stop signs,and traffic lights, would mean the elimination of some traffic cops,saving millions of tax dollars.Computers would be excellent controllers of the law,and would follow all laws precisely,thereby eliminating more traffic police. In addition to the possible elimination of traffic police, what is exciting is the possible elimination of car insurance, or at least a reduction of it because of many fewer accidents.Another exciting concept would be reduced lines at the Dmv, as people would no longer have to have a drivers license.However,could society train people to learn how to operate computerized equipment,especially, more mature people? Productivity would go up which would boost the economy, as instead of concentrating on driving.one could do work in his car(it could be his home office), or even have a martini, or watch his favorite television show.The concept of platooning,whereby self driving cars would be able to outsmart traffic patterns and impatient drives,would also save time,gasoline,and improve traffic congestion. Self driving cars would be an advantage for the environment, for instead of a lazy driver aimlessly looking for a parking space closest to the store so they don't have to walk. the self driving car would drop off a person and drive directly to a parking spot maybe not within walking distance,thereby saving precious fuel. The person would simply have to wait for the car to pick him up! The car could pick up crippled people in smaller more efficient cars to get them to all those Doctors appointments, thereby eliminating all those irritating access buses that litter our streets.Instead of paying a uneducated truck driver, who can be a danger on the highway, a self driving car could drive all night, never needing a paycheck or food. Consequently, the price of our store purchases would go down. As far as the elimination of jobs,there is nothing to be alarmed about as service jobs are very abundant and the infrastructure of the self driving cars would create many well paying positions.The cost of the self driving cars would be prohibitive for some, however, just like Fords Model T, the cars would eventually have to be priced so all could afford it.Electronic technology always goes down in price,as is evidenced by phones,televions,etc. It would be an advantage to state driving laws,as, instead of having 50 states with a mass of different laws,the driving laws would be federally universal,as self driving vehicles would be preprogrammed to follow precise driving standards. In addition to universal federal driving laws,it may be possible to raise speed limits,as self driving vehicles would be smart enough to drive at higher speeds safely. The most daunting task is to actually get the technology to work full proof - it would be critical for self driving cars to be a perfection with no flaws what so ever.The questions of what would happen if traffic lights failed or if there was an icy road would have to be perfected before the autonomous vehicles could take over the roads. Also, the maintainance of the satellite infrastructure would be quite costly, and what institution would be responsible for the cost? These tasks will take many decades to sort out.Another aspect that would be at issue would be the  problem of hacking, thereby collecting the personal data of motorists.However,if people were insightful of hacking,which is part of our technology today,a bit of common sense could go a long way to avoid being hacked. In addition to this aspect, if there is an accident, would the manufacturer,infrastructure,or person in the car be at fault. It would be difficult to sort this out, but once it was done, we could eliminate those pesky ambulance chasing lawyers,as there would be less accidents. We are decades away from perfection of these issues,however,there are highly cognitive driven people who could figure all this out, so self driving cars will be the biggest phenomenon of this century. 