	What once seemed like a faraway science fiction fantasy is now becoming a reality. Testing of self-driving cars is happening right here and now in our city of Pittsburgh. As technology advances and becomes ever more a part of our daily lives, we must consider the consequences of embracing the shiny and new. Though there are risks associated with adopting self-driving car technology into our society, the benefits of doing so greatly outweigh the risks. Because of this, we should stand for self-driving car technology and its benefits to society. 
	Have you ever been trapped in an unnecessary traffic slowdown? Have you thought about how much time and gas you could save if the roadways and cars operated more efficiently? Have you ever been concerned about public safety because of dangerous drivers who may be distracted, under the influence of drugs or alcohol, or otherwise impaired? All of these problems could be solved with self-driving cars. The widespread use of self-driving cars could improve efficiency of roadways, free up time and resources for members of society, and eliminate the human error of driving, which would improve roadway safety.
	If self-driving cars ruled the roadway, your riding experience would involve much less traffic and frustration. According to Eno Transportation, when self-driving cars communicate and work together on the road, they are able to improve traffic conditions and congestion. They are also able to identify road risks early on to avoid further difficulties during your ride. The coordination between self-driving cars would allow all the cars on the roadway to reach their destinations more efficiently. Some may express concern that with all of the necessary car software comes an opportunity for hackers to take over and compromise safety on the road. Though this is a legitimate concern, it should be tempered with the knowledge that methods for hacking prevention are on the rise since this is a concern in all technological aspects of our lives.
	Self-driving cars can also reduce commute times and maximize gasoline usage. This would create more free time in the lives of drivers and passengers everywhere. Not only would it create time directly through commute reduction, but it would also potentially allow drivers to spend time in the car doing other things like reading or talking with other passengers, as highlighted by a recent article in Forbes. It could be argued that drivers will still need to maintain focus while riding in self-driving cars. This may be true initially, but as the technology improves and becomes more widespread, passive driving will become a reality. Reduced costs associated with gasoline are just an added benefit for society! 
	When it comes down to it, human error is the source of difficulties with driving. Car accidents and near misses are almost always a result of humans being imperfect drivers. Self-driving cars use advanced algorithms and technology to know when to brake, how to avoid obstacles, and how to maintain an optimum distance from surrounding cars, decimating the number of fender benders and other accidents between cars that happen on a daily basis. Self-driving cars would take human error out of the picture, preventing distracted, intoxicated, or impaired drivers from causing car accidents. Though there is always the small risk of mechanical failure to result in an accident, this risk is minute compared to the risk of humans being behind the wheel. 
	Accepting new technology into our society should not be done hastily, but self-driving car technology is one that will improve our lives. With self-driving cars, we will have roadway efficiency, we will have more time and resources, and we will be safer. 