        As a individuals, our thoughts and busy schedules often occupy our attention causing us to become distracted throughout the day.  Have you ever seen someone driving while texting on their phones, putting on lipstick, eating a sandwich, or drinking coffee?  These are all forms of distracted driving and may come from a busy schedule.  If you are a driver, you have most likely encountered of one these distracted drivers or have been distracted yourself.
	According to the Centers for Disease Control, there are upwards of 33,000 fatalities from traffic incidents that occur on an annual basis. The main cause of these incidents are distracted driving which can influence poor driving behaviors of speeding, failing to follow road laws, or driving while tired, drunk, or under the influence of drugs. However, there are new developments in technology that will help prevent distracted driving and traffic incidents.  This technology is self-driving cars. 
	Self-driving cars present new possibilities for today's drivers.  They provide productivity, independence, and mobility. 
 The cars can maneuver through traffic while the driver could fill wasted time with productivity or leisurely activities. Rather than sitting wasting time sitting in traffic on long morning commutes, drivers could complete work or interact with friends or family.  Individuals with disabilities would have greater independence.  Those with physical disabilities or visual impairments would have greater personal mobility. Instead of requiring transportation services to get to work or run errands, individuals with disabilities would be able to transport themselves with a self-driving car. This would provide a new sense of freedom and choice for those with disabilities. Additionally, elderly citizens would be able to travel safely in their vehicles without the concern of medical needs or memory loss. 
	Overall, self-driving cars would prove to be cost effective for the consumer and society. Maximizing on gasoline usage, self-driving cars would produce less air pollution while saving the consumer money. There would also be savings from money not being spent on older mass transit projects such as trains.  Car insurance may eventually fade, as the computer in the vehicle would be the one to make the decisions. Therefore, car insurance would become irrelevant as any car incidents would be prevented.
	There may be opposition to self-driving cars, as the technology is still being developed and tested. Some drivers fear that the car may malfunction as they are driving.  This could lead to traffic incidents that the self-driving cars are trying to eliminate in the first place. Though this technology would be cost effective long-term, the cost of implementing this new technology would be very expensive to the consumer.  At up to $100,000 a vehicle, it is unlikely that the majority of Americans could afford to make the switch to self-driving cars. The only way for this trend to take off and be successful is if the majority of people on the road are using this technology. Therefore, it might not be as successful as projected with not many vehicles being implemented. 
	Unlike humans, who have many thoughts and concerns to attend to, a computer in a self-driving car, with complicated algorithms and data, would not have the opportunity to become distracted.  As distracted driving is the leading factor of traffic incidents, car accidents could eventually cease because of self-driving cars. 