	Car accidents have been a major problem in the United States for decades. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 33,000 people have died from traffic incidents every year. Many researchers are now discovering possible solutions on the issue of car accidents in the United States. One solution that has been brought up lately is the idea of self-driving vehicles. To many people, this seems like a great solution to eliminate car accidents, but others, like myself, are more skeptical about this idea. 
	Self-driving cars may seem like a probable solution to eliminate car accidents. Because distraction is one of the leading causes of car accidents in America, self-driving vehicles will definitely be useful because of the limited opportunities for distraction. Self-driving vehicles could also potentially decrease drunk driving incidents, which can save many people’s lives. 
	While there are many good reasons to have more self-driving vehicles, some believe that having these vehicles are not sufficient for our environment because of the expensive technology these vehicles will require. In an interview with “Axios,” Luminar CEO Austin Russel stated that each car will cost three to four hundred thousand dollars to make. Many of us are also against the idea of self-driving vehicles because they could eliminate many jobs in the gasoline industry. Because these self-driving cars are electric, people will not feel the need to fill their gas tanks, which will cause the gasoline industry to lose money. 
	If more self-driving cars are prevalent, this could mean that many of us will rely so heavily on this technology that we will eventually lose the ability to operate any motor vehicle. This can be very dangerous on the road because if the car were to have any type of malfunction and the driver has limited knowledge on how to operate the vehicle, this could lead to an accident. 
	There are many solutions to eliminate car accidents, and in my opinion, a self-driving vehicle is not one of them. It is not wise to put so much money into something that does not guarantee safety for our environment. Having these types of vehicles is also not worth putting people's lives at risk, especially for those who live in areas where it snows and rains a lot, because these vehicles do not have the technology to operate at a high level of safety in those weather conditions. Having a self-driving vehicle may seem like a good idea, but if we do see more of these cars in the future, we need to consider how this advanced technology will interact with human drivers and the wider environment. 