	The self-driving car is a groundbreaking piece of technology. There is no doubt about that. However, I really question how feasible it is to transition them into every day life in America. The potential advantages of self-driving cars are incredible. Safer driving would be accomplished by decreasing the rate of accidents since they are caused by human error 81% of the time. The convenience of no longer needing a designated driver would decrease the amount of drunk driving, resulting in safer streets. The identification of traffic problems, faster speed limits, ability to be dropped off and ability to do other tasks while in the car would save people a lot of time. It could also save many individuals money due to lower insurance and healthcare costs. Self-driving cars could also help disabled individuals who would otherwise have a hard time getting around. 
	On the other hand, the disadvantages of self-driving cars are quite frightening:  they are weather dependent, they can't detect human traffic signals, they could malfunction and put the driver at even more risk, they rely on other pieces of technology we haven't yet mastered  and they would cause jobs in fields connected to transportation to suffer. In other words, there is no solid evidence that self-driving cars would be a true benefit to society. 
	In my opinion, I don't think it is the time to bring them out and try to adopt them into society. We need time to develop our technology to a point where if we were to start using them, they'd have a smooth transition into the market and outside parties would suffer as little as possible. I think they have the potential to be incredibly beneficial to society but not right now. 
	If we were to start using them today, it wouldn't work out in many ways. Only a small percentage of the population would be able to afford them as they would initially cost more than $100,000 and require time and resource-heavy training to operate in a safe manner. Additionally, many individuals enjoy driving and see it as a hobby. Even if self-driving cars were inexpensive and affordable, there's still no guarantee that they'd be widely adopted. This is a very significant disadvantage to self- driving cars because safety can only be created when the roads consist of an entire network of driver-less cars that are communicating with one another. Security risks are also a relevant issue as hackers would be very interested in the technology and specialized computers could be able to collect personal data.
	In a perfect scenario where self-driving cars are adopted by all, many jobs would be eliminated. Workers in the transportation sector would no longer be needed, the gasoline industry would suffer if self-driving cars are electric, driver's ed courses wouldn't be needed anymore and personal injury lawyers would have reduced earnings due to less accidents on the road. This would be detrimental to the economy, harming the lives of many people. Because of these reasons, 1) I don't think it is feasible to get the general public to use self-driving cars and 2) in the unlikely case that everyone uses them, it would cause damage to the economy. 
	Like many technological advances throughout history, self-driving cars have a thick silver lining. In many cases, the technology is beneficial enough to outweigh all of its downsides, but in the case of driver-less cars, we may not want to commit to it without further investigation. 