	Self driving cars are a highly debated topic simply because they pose virtually equal amounts of advantages and disadvantages. They offer efficient transportation, mobility for all people, theoretically safer roads, and overall convenience by improving quality of life. In contrast, they also threaten transportation jobs, pose danger in the event of a malfunction, are unable to understand human intention, and rely on somewhat faulty GPS systems. One has to ask if the risk is worth it. Society does not need self driving cars, but given the technological advances of late, self driving cars seem like a logical next step. The point of the digital age is to improve life for everyone, and self driving cars have more than enough potential to do that. Self driving cars are beneficial to society because they eradicate the leading cause of fatal accidents, and their potential benefits outweigh the solvable costs that they pose. 
	The benefits of self driving cars are so profound that they diminish any arguments made against them. It's no secret that "drivers themselves are the most dangerous things" on the road (Auto 1). The evidence lies in the fact that humans fail to take a quick drive without checking their phones for insignificant messages and calls. These "innocent" phone checks claim the lives of thousands per year despite laws against texting or calling while on the road. Take Maryland for example, a state with some of the strictest laws against using a cell phone while driving yet it ranks as one of the highest states for worst drivers and fatal accidents. People will continue to break the law as they please, but a computer will not. The computer in a self driving car cannot be distracted as shown in pro number 3. In addition, since the self driving car is paying full attention to the road passengers are free to use their phones, therefore, distracted drivers and their deadly accidents will become a thing of the past. 
 All of the cons about self driving cars are solvable problems that fail to overcast a permanent reluctance for their existence.The computer in a self driving car may not get distracted, but they can malfunction, however, today's cars malfunction all the time even without a computer in them. I've read and heard numerous news stories about breaks not working mid-ride, which cause the driver to crash into others. That being said, computer malfunctions can be easily prevented and managed if self driving cars are forced to have routine check ups and software updates. A self driving car may even be able to warn the driver about hardware or software issues sooner than today's cars can. In addition, the issue with self driving cars not being able to interpret human traffic signals is rectifiable. Embed a software that allows the cars to recognize and analyze when a human is directing traffic so that it can make a decision or ask the human in the car what it should do. Of course this is no easy feat but there are enough intelligent people in the world to figure this issue out and others like it. From being better for the environment to reducing traffic and increasing mobility for the elderly and disabled, self driving cars have countless benefits that society seems to be passing up on. 
	Self driving cars exude more benefits than costs and eliminate distracted drivers, therefore, they should be implemented in the technology of tomorrow. If more information is shared about self driving cars and how their potential costs can be managed and prevented more people will be willing to make the switch and live a safer, easier life. The decision is simple, the technology exists, the only real debate is whether society is ready to start living in the "future." 