	The most notable advantages to self-driving cars are the elimination of human error and distracted driving, which cause a majority of car accidents; redistribution of the time people spend driving to other tasks, such as reading, chatting, and eating; and provision of a safe and independent mode of transportation for people with disabilities, elderly adults, and intoxicated individuals who may be unable to drive. However, security risks, exorbitant prices, and limited adaptation abilities provide compelling evidence against the case for self-driving cars. 
	A large consideration, especially when considering technological advances, is the safety of our personal data as consumers. Hackers and large companies could gain an incredible amount of information through self-driving cars, and likely because of the newness of the technology, there are little to no security measures in place to protect us from these security threats, according to Egil Juliussen, the Director of Research for infotainment and advanced driver assistance for IHS Automotive. 
	In addition, because of the $100,000 cost, a widespread decrease in car accidents can never be attained. In order for self-driving cars to thrive and for us to experience their benefits, they must be the majority on the road, and based on the current socioeconomic climate in the United States, this will not be the case. The $100,000 price point includes sensors, software, engineering, and power and computer requirements, and it will likely be a major deterrent to people buying self-driving cars. 
	My final concern is the self-driving car's inability to adapt to situations such as traffic signal failures, inclement weather, and inaccurate GPS mapping. A simple solution is for a driver to enter a manual mode during scenarios such as these, but drivers may not respond quickly enough, particularly if they are using their newfound free time to eat, talk, or read. More dangerously, people with impairments due to age, ability, or intoxication may not be equipped to maneuver the vehicle. Lastly, in the case of GPS inaccuracy, which many users can attest to, a driver may not realize that their car is taking them in the wrong direction, turning down a one-way street, or avoiding a road that does not appear to exist in the data. 
	Overall, the risks associated with self-driving cars eclipse the benefits. Despite the luxury of enjoying more free time or the promise of increased accessibility to owning and operating a vehicle, self-driving cars are not a reliable mode of transportation. They are vulnerable to hackers and machine-error, and are not projected to actually benefit our communities until their use is widespread, which is problematic due to their widely inaccessible pricing.