	Whenever something new comes around, people tend to reject it for the comfort of familiarity, even if that change could bring something great. As with all other new inventions, people are skeptical of the practicality of using a self-driving car. Self-driving cars may have major potential for the future, but for now they still need a bit of work before being used by the general public.
	4 in 5 crashes are due to human error. Even with laws governing distracted driving caused by driving drunk or while texting, humans still tend to make mistakes. Picture, for instance, the truck driver who has already driven 10 hours but believes that he can go another half hour to his destination. The truck driver may not have been drunk or distracted, but his exhaustion could cause an accident just as easily. However, imagine this same scenario with a self-driving car. These innovative cars wouldn’t be able to get tired, drunk, or distracted. Instead, they have built-in features that allow them to have a safe following distance. While humans' reaction times can suffer due to these external factors, self-driving cars would instead prevent such an accident from occurring. With 33,000 people dying in car crashes every year, it may be time to make a change. 
	Self-driving cars may bring down human error, but they don't come without their faults. For instance, many people employed by car-driving services such as Uber, Lyft, and taxi services would become obsolete as self-driving cars take off, which may cause widespread job loss. Additionally, as most of the new cars would be electric, gas companies could lose a lot of money as the cars are put into widespread production. While both of these problems would take their toll on the economy, many of the costs may be offset by saving such a large number of lives, which the US treasury has estimated to be worth $9.2 million per life. Also, as the world looks for more sustainable resources to combat global warming, electric cars may be the way of the future.
         Before these self-driving cars can be implemented, however, there are some irrefutable problems that don't have quite as easy of a fix. For instance, some of the advanced computer algorithms and technology placed in the cars cannot withstand extreme weather or account for traffic signals that can't be shown on a GPS. For instance, when roads are closed due to falling trees or a traffic light goes off, these self-driving cars don't have the necessary technology to maneuver these issues. Also, as not every corner of the world can receive GPS signal as well as others, self-driving cars may not reachable by those in certain countries or cities where buildings will block the signal. Lastly, as of right now, most of these cars cost more than the average human can afford. Self-driving cars, therefore, would only be for an elite few, and the people who use them would still be at risk of accidents due to the human error of the other drivers.
	While self-driving cars may be part of the natural future, they still need quite a bit of work before they are ready to be widely used. GPS issues will need to fixed through rigorous testing, and the companies that make them available should make them more easily accessible to the general public. They may save thousands of lives in the future, but until they are readily available, they will remain only a topic for debate. 