There has been much discussion on the topic of self driving cars recently. Many people think that allowing self driving cars on the road would be a bad idea. They worry about things such as liability in case of accidents, and loss of jobs for truck drivers and others employed in the automotive industry. However, self driving cars are the way of the future; the pros of having self driving cars on the road vastly outweigh the cons. The effects of self driving cars will benefit society in a multitude of ways, and will allow mankind to advance further in technology and science alike. 
	There are many ways the advent of self driving cars will be beneficial to mankind. For example, people can get easily distracted while driving, which is one of the leading causes of motor vehicle accidents in the United States as of today. However it is not possible for a computer to become distracted, it does not have personality or curiosity like humans do; thus, if computers controlled the wheel, accidents on the road would decline greatly. This has more implications than just saving human life, there would be a significant fiscal advantage as well. Right now there is 9.2 million dollars saved for motor vehicle accidents, however if the roads became safer, then less of this money would need to be allocated for accidents and could be used in other areas. Additionally, many cars even have features that resemble early stages of self driving cars; most cars have object sensors, autonomous breaking, and many other driver-less car like features. Consequently, the step to fully autonomous cars is not actually as big as some critics may believe. As seen by these few examples, self driving cars have immense potential to help society, and therefore we should be more open to release them in public. 
	Even with all of the benefits that self driving cars have to offer, there are still some critiques. For example, people worry that passengers may not have the skills needed to operate cars (why would you learn how to drive a car if it drove itself?), and if there was a glitch, it may turn into a serious issue. However, there could easily be regulations enacted that would require drivers to take a test every year or so, to ensure that they can take over in the case of an emergency. Just as drivers have to prove they can drive a car today, they would have to do the same in the future. Another common concern is the cars driving ability in hazardous weather conditions. Some sensors can be notably damaged by heavy rain and wind. This concern is not as serious as it may seem however. If there was regulation passed to make sure humans still knew how to drive, than they could just take over during inclement weather. Furthermore, if the weather conditions were that dangerous, than it would not be advisable to go driving anyway! Though people may have concerns about the effects of self driving cars on society, they will ultimately accomplish more good than they will harm.
I imagine a future where kids can play outside safely, without worrying about a ball rolling onto a busy street, a world where parents did not have to fear that their newly initiated teenage driver would make it to his friend in one piece, and a place that has enough money to upkeep public transportation and roads. This world that I imagine, and that I hope you imagine too, can come as a direct followup from self driving cars. Self driving cars are not perfect yet, and there are still many issues to be worked out. Despite this, I believe that with all the potential benefits that self driving cars can bring to society, they should be not only adopted, but embraced. They can help with many different aspects of society, but only if we let them. 