Glancing through recent news, readers like you might notice the catchy phrase, "self-driving cars." Pittsburgh residents are not unfamiliar with black Uber cars with "hoddies."  In fact, Uber launched its first self-driving car in Pittsburgh. New York Times reported multiple technological advancements made by Google. Big name brands, such as Mercedes-Benz,   are allocating more and more R&D funds into self-driving cars. Self-driving cars is the gamer changer. 
Equipped with multiple sensors and advanced algorithms, a self-driving car is more likely to be an ideal driver; a self-driving car is more accurate, reliable, and focused than a human driver. However, engineers are still researching the self-driving technology. Many practical questions need be answered. For example, who will drive the car if the technology fails? This op-ed article will convince you that we should not use self-driving cars.
 
First, like human, technology could fail. Who will shoulder the responsibility of driving when the technology fails? The success of self-driving technology now heavily relies on the GPS. Anyone who were directed to non-existent roads could attest that GPS is not always reliable. Given that the self-driving car has lost its direction and the people inside of car are not familiar with the city, a conventional human-driving car with maps is far better. 
We know that there is a big circulating head on the top of a self-driving car. It is the "eye" and "ear" of the car. When a human driver is  navigating through a storm, they use their senses to make informed decisions. However, in extreme conditions, the "eye" and the "ear" of the car might be damaged. A "blind" driver cannot safely operate a car. In the case of failed technology, unskilled human operators are not ready to shoulder the responsibility of driving, and there are consequences. 
Who should be responsible for the consequences caused by a malfunctioning self-driving car? When a self-driving car malfunctions, the people inside of the car may not be able to gain control quickly. An accident could easily happen during the  time lapsed between a mechanical failure and an attempt to gain control over the car. In a court of law, it is very difficult to determine who is responsible in this case. Could victims of technological failure, consumers like you, claim proper compensations in this case? As there is not a precedent, we do not know what to expect. 
Proponents of self-driving cars argue that self-driving cars reduce the cost of driving and alleviate societal burden. On the contrary, the cost of self-driving cars is much higher than expected.The research dollars that companies poured into testings will be paid by the consumers in the long run. In addition, self-driving cars are equipped with sensors that carry a high maintenance and replacement fee. A self-driving car is still a luxury for the general public. The benefits of self-driving cars cannot be reaped if they are not widely used. There are plenty of people who enjoy operating behind the wheel. Giving up the excitement of driving is very challenging for many drivers: a good analogy is quitting for people who have smoked for 20 years. 
Unemployment rates would roar for the transportation industry because machines will replace human labors. The profession of cab driving (Uber driving in 2018 terms) will go extinct. The unemployment centers in U.S cities will soon reluctantly embrace the bitter fact that otherwise unskilled cab drivers are claiming unemployment benefits. Concurrently, the tax revenue collected from the transportation industry will shrink drastically. The U.S government will see a scalding finical deficit. 