	The forward march of technology has always been a source of controversy in society. Something as simple as the replacement of chalk and slate with pencil and paper in schoolhouses created public dialogue, so it is not hard to understand the great debate in our society today around something as monumental as self-driving cars taking the streets. The technology is undoubtedly exciting, exemplifying our problem solving capabilities and perseverance. However, before it can be applied in our day to day lives, many important questions need to be answered first. 
	Self-driving cars have long been a staple of science fiction and our own personal dreams, but not seven years ago the idea of autonomous vehicles seemed far fetched. Now that we can see them functioning with our own eyes, we must question the pros and cons. There are some obvious benefits to self-driving cars, the first of which is safety. An ideally designed autonomous vehicle will  have a higher safety rating than any human driver simply because the computer only needs to focus on the road. They don't worried about kids, their days, or their hectic schedule like humans do, nor can they get drunk or daydream. Computers are programmed to be idea, defensive drivers so that the likelihood of accidents are decreased. Another thing to consider is the traffic patterns. Humans cannot coordinate across multiple vehicles, easily maintain a close, constant distance without causing worry, or communicate with other drivers about road conditions. A self-driving car would be able to do all of this and more! A function called "platooning" allows self-driving cars to work together to reduce traffic and avoid crashes. This would result in a better traffic experience for everyone. Rush hour might become a thing of the past, insurance and healthcare costs would decrease because of the reduced number of accidents. There are a plethora of benefits to autonomous vehicles across all aspects of the driving experience. 
	However, there are some serious problems that need to addressed before self-driving cars become street legal. The legal and moral question of how to deal with a self-driving car that gets into an accident is heavy and complicated. "Trolley problems", blame assignment, legal debates, and public discussions must take place so we as a society can reconcile the reality that someone will inevitably get hurt by a computer that cannot be held responsible for its actions. Over time, the prevalence of this technology might neuter our own driving skills, which would lead to a brand new set of issues for society. Humans might lose the ability to be effective drivers because they never needed to learn how. Also, hacking is a genuine concern manufacturers need to have for these products. There are already high end cars that rely on digital technology which have been hacked to give a remote user full control of a vehicle. If a hacker could gain control of a vehicle's operating system, lives could be threatened. This is all without even mentioning the serious technological problems that still need to be solved. Weather functionality and GPS accuracy are issues that still need working on. Thunderstorms and blizzards could cause serious problems for these vehicles, and self-driving cars are only as good as the system that guides them. A driver that goes blind every time it rains is not a good driver.
	There are so many angles to this problem that its probably a good thing we are still far off from fully functional autonomous vehicles. This writer sees the potential benefits of self-driving cars, but also the vast problems that need to be dealt with before they can hit the roads. I like my car. I like driving my car. I don't like the idea of something else driving my car for me. With the advent of self-driving cars, it might begin a wave that pushes our beloved classic cars off the roads to make way for fleets of autonomous vehicles with no identity, reliability, or accountability. I say wait a decade and see where the technology is then. 