        In today's age we are always looking for the 'next thing' in terms of technological advancement. Google is one company that continuously strives to answer that call. Recently they have been doing so by researching the technology for and beginning to create self-driving cars. While this may sound like some futuristic fabrication from Back to the Future, the technology is actually here and being tested even as this piece is being written. This new technology is exciting and has the potential to improve how we travel. It also comes with some serious drawbacks and limitations that must be considered before self-driving cars become utilized at a high rate. 
	Self-driving cars would drastically change our mobility. Human error accounts for about 81 percent of car accidents; if everyone were to transition to self-drivings cars, human error would, theoretically, be eliminated and accidents would be projected to drastically decrease. Traffic patterns themselves would change. The technology in the car would be able to detect its proximity to other cars and adjust its speed and positioning accordingly, making roadways more efficient. Speed limits could increase since the technology in the cars would have the capacity to calculate a safe velocity and adjust the speed accordingly leading to reduced commute times. 
         One of the most attractive aspects of a self-driving car is the convenience that it provides. The New York Times has suggested that these cars would be a great asset to individuals with disabilities; instead of relying on public transportation they would be able to operate their car as anyone else would. These cars would also be an asset to an individual who wants to get work done in the time it takes to make their commute; they could safely work on a laptop or hold a conversation without having to worry about driving. Running late for a meeting and worried about parking? Not a problem! Self-driving cars would also be able to self-park allowing you to pull up right to the curb and not have to frantically find a parking spot. 
	At this point you're thinking, 'this seems great, sign me up!', right? Well, you might want to re-consider. Self-driving cars sound great in theory but when thinking through their practical applications one runs into several road blocks (pun intended). Consider this. A person gets into their car while intoxicated. This shouldn't be a problem because the car can simply drive itself; the individual can safely ride in the car without endangering themself or others through reckless driving. The car comes upon a traffic signal that is not operating correctly and there is a traffic cop directly the flow of cars. The self-driving car is not equipped to deal with human signals: it does not have human judgement. Instead of being able to over-ride the autonomic function of the car the individual is incapacitated and so the car speeds through the signal resulting in an accident where several people are injured. Who is at fault? The intoxicated individual? The car? The other cars involved? The answer is not clear here but the result is the same as if an intoxicated individual had chosen to get behind the wheel and manually drive the car. 
	Humans are not perfect. But then again, neither is technology. Both may have the ability to drive a car but is one really better than the other? My response would be no. A self-driving car is an amazing feat of technology. It is a tool that can be used for many positive purposes and has the potential to change the way in which humans travel. But self-driving cars should only be that: a tool. The technology that drives these cars has the ability to fail such as in the scenario I described above as well as through security breaches or simple technology glitches. All scenarios must be thoroughly researched and discussed prior to the mass-production of this technology. The technology has to be made simply enough so that, in the event of a glitch, a person can manually operate the vehicle. At the same time, it needs to be complex enough so that hacker's cannot readily hijack the technology and take control of the car. 
        Does this mean that research on and manufacturing of self-driving cars should be halted or terminated? Of course not! New technology gives us the ability to improve our quality of life. If self-driving cars were to be utilized in mass, there would be a myriad of benefits that should not be overlooked. Prior to the adoption of mass-production, we must be careful to define the role that human's will play while inside the vehicles. Humans should still retain the capacity to manually drive a car should the technology glitch and fail both for the safety of the driver and the safety of others. Ultimately, if you choose to get into a car whether or not you are the one driving, you should have the ability to take control of the vehicle - or at least maintain an awareness of your surroundings in the event you have to make spur of the moment decisions while on the road. 
	Thankfully, we have time to carefully think through all sides of the self-driving car conversation before they are able to be mass produced. Currently, the price of the cars are astronomically high: over $100,000! With only the one percent of society being able to afford them we don't have to worry too much about how these cars will change our current transportation system. However, the sooner these topics are discussed the easier it will be to resolve potential problems that arise regarding these cars in the future. Self-driving cars are a testament to how far technology has come. Learning how to safely use this new technology will be the cornerstone upon which the technology ultimately proves to help or hinder our mobility and the transportation industry as a whole.