	The advantages and disadvantages of self-driving cars have become a hot topic of discussion a mainstream media outlets, but there are clear advantages and even fairly simple solutions to the potential disadvantages that suggest the benefits of this technology. There are many perceived disadvantages championed by those who doubt the potential benefits of this advancement on modern life. The more reasonable issues foreseen include the sheer cost of the software and the potential risk associated with technological failures outside of the car. However, there are far more advantages than disadvantages, which greatly outweigh any negative associated with this revolutionary technology. These potential advantages include a dramatic reduction in crashes caused by distracted or impaired drivers, a decrease in car insurance costs which could be financially beneficial to the consumer in the long run, and the potential for this software to remove rush hour traffic and provide those with lower-income and/or mobility an option to move around a city. 
	The cost of the software will likely be the primary obstacle for car companies attempting to flood the market with self-driving cars. However, as some states have done with electric vehicles, there could be an opportunity for federal tax credits, such as in California where one can receive a tax credit up to a cap of $7500. As self-driving cars have the ability to make our roads safer and more efficient, the government may see this as an opportunity to better society. Due to a substantial decline in insurance costs for self-driving cars, the potential for a tax credit to provide incentives purchase from the general public is high. Other skeptics have shed light on the possibility of self-driving cars failing in circumstances where a loss of power has shut off traffic signals. This issue could be overcome by providing a manual override switch so the driver may take control of the vehicle to avoid any obstacles, while keeping basic safety software available. Then comes the many advantages to this tech, which will lead to safer roads.
	Around 80% of accidents on the road are caused by human error, and a majority of the accidents caused by human error can be linked to driving while distracted, either by a phone, conversation, or events happening outside the vehicle, or by driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs. This technology would greatly decrease the number of accidents due to these factors as people under the influence of these factors would have no direct role in the control of the vehicle. Paired with the decrease in accidents is the potential for a decrease in car insurance premiums and fees for all drivers. As roads become safer and accidents rarer, there would be less need for consumers to purchase car insurance. Manufacturers, then, could insure the software controlling the car, which would just leave a potential smaller insurance plan for drivers who might take control of the vehicle. Lastly, the potential of platooning, which decreases the distance between vehicles to increase road capacity, and communications between all self-driving cars in an area could dramatically reduce the presence of traffic buildups on off-ramps which would, in turn, substantially reduce travel time for all commuters. This decrease in travel time, paired with the time the professionals would have during their commute to work would allow them to spend more time on aspects of life arguably more important than work once they have returned home. This could overall increase happiness and productivity while at work and at home. The role of self-driving cars to chauffeur their owners from point A to point B could also be utilized by the percentage of the population with limited mobility and would allow them to explore their city and perform tasks that they otherwise would not be able to perform due to their inability to operate a vehicle, and could be used by those without the economic means to purchase a car in a similar fashion. 
	Decreased fees, lower insurance premiums, safer roads, and increased access are just a few of the many potential benefits a community could experience from this technology. The theoretical see-saw that this debate exemplifies can tilt in either direction, however as this technology advances and is updated to become a part of our country's infrastructure the benefits will surely outweigh the disadvantages. As long as this technology is created with future benefits in mind and not thought of as a short-term solution, it could easily become ingrained within our society within generations. 