	Many articles provide readers with several straightforward explanations in terms of the advantages and disadvantages of self-driving cars. The beneficial side includes lower accident rates due to limited human errors by applying computer systems in cars, time efficiency from the drivers' perspective, convenience for disabled population, and generally smoother traffic. However, the opposing side points out several serious issues to consider, such as the violation of individual privacy, the problem of unemployment, and the inefficiency of self-driving under severe weather. I hold the disagreement toward the pro-side and believe that self-driving cars is more likely to pose unavoidable threats than to bring convenience and well-being to our society. I construct my arguments from the stances of safety, privacy protection, and employment. 
	To start with, it may be the fact that in terms of driving, human errors, other than mechanical malfunctions, cause more frequent and severer accidents. But accidents triggered by mechanical malfunctions still exist and self-driving mechanism has nothing to shift this fact. In particular, considering cars that contain mechanical defects by construction, in such a case, can a built-in computer system make a good driving decision? I highly doubt it. Without more information, we cannot simply assume that computer systems can take fully control of the vehicle, rule all risks out, and ensure 100% safety. Furthermore, drivers or passengers may still play an important role during the driving process; because people need to send commands to the computer system in the car to facilitate the self-driving function. What if people come up with bad decisions or just make mistakes? What if an individual pushes the system to perform personal choices and that causes injuries or death toward people outside of a car? Risks may still be possible under such circumstances. An innovation as a self-driving car can bring challenging risks and potential dangers along the process which will definitely deteriorate the smooth function of our society. 
	Second, it is safe to assume that built-in computers acquire as much information as possible to optimize the efficiency and effectiveness of the driving actions. That is to say, one car automatically exploits information from all other cars nearby. A potential issue, privacy violation, should be thoroughly considered before we vote a yes to self-driving practice for our society. For example, if criminals make full use of this information-exploitation function, they are able to avoid detection or police chase by flawlessly escaping with the help of an advanced computer tracking system built in the self-driving car. In such a scenario, the privacy of police officers has been violated. Taking a step forward, what if police cars are allowed to override all vehicles' computer systems? Will that be fair to citizens? Do you still vote for self-driving cars in such a societal system? Before these concerns can be satisfactorily solved, self-driving cars, which possibly offers an innovative service to the society and its people, still have a long way to go. 
	Third, it could be a serious concern if the common profession, professional drivers, lose jobs if computer system is the only approved driver for all automobiles. Big structural changes will also take place in the relevant sectors including car insurance industry and traffic guiding system. How should we deal with these disruptive changes in a short run when unemployment impairs the stability of the society? It is true that new skills can be trained and new supporting sectors will emerge, but that takes time, efforts, sacrifices and costs. Public institutions and governments have to get fully prepared for the transition, which, however, can be time-consuming and has the possibility of an unsatisfied outcomes. Self-driving is indeed a risky business. 
	In summary, self-driving cars as a type of innovation will potentially promote the industrial, societal, and lifestyle changes. However, we cannot assume that any change can benefit the development of the society with no cost. Based on current technical and societal development, self-driving cars may not be as beneficial as supporters easily imagine. And we should be cautious of voting for such changes in our society. 