        In general, many of the pros to consider when looking at the future of self-driven cars, center on preventing damage. One major consideration is that many accidents are caused by poor drivers and human error. Simply driving around any major city today would provide adequate proof of that. Individuals not paying attention at lights, confusing mergers, and distracted drivers all are common examples of this issue. The computer system incorporated into self-driving cars would account for many of these errors that humans make. This computer system would adjust to obstacles and always be on guard. This would also include major, illegal, distractions for human drivers including drunk driving and texting and driving. Self-driving cars, in a bigger way, would likely save many lives. The same human error and distractions mentioned earlier will be taken largely out of the equation by the vehicle and computer. Additionally, these cars would cut out the middle man costs of driving, in the form of insurance and drivers ed. Lastly, there are many factors that will help to allow people to take full advantage of the time that they do not have to dedicate to driving. Without the burden of driving, people can use the time that would usually be dedicated to their commute or holiday travel. Also, increased speed limits and adaptations to road obstructions can get people to their destinations faster.The communication between cars would lead to clearer and more efficient roadways. It is hard to put a price on the time that would be saved by these last two factors.
	There are also many potential negatives, most of which seem to effect the lower/working class. Self-driving cars are bound to be expensive, and outside of the reach of many Americans. The additions in the form of hardware and software to many cars would be very costly. One website estimates the costs to be in excess of $100,00. Additionally, many people rely on ride sharing services as their means of making money. People who drive for Lyft or Uber, would no longer be making that income if they are not driving around others. Also, one must consider the fallibility of machines. There is always a chance of damage or malfunction inherent in any computer operated system. When driving around, the wear of the road and adverse weather conditions can lead to issues with the hardware that could lead to catastrophic damage. An example that might bring an image to mind for this issue might be how every detail of the hardware and software needs to work perfectly in space exploration missions, in order to avoid death. Next, the software involved in the self-driving cars might also be hacked. There are always going to be those with vast computer knowledge and a desire to hurt others. There are examples of cars now, that aren't even self driving, that can be hijacked through hacking. Lastly, there is also the issue of responsibility in the case of an incident. Who is to blame in the event of an accident? A question like that will take a lot of time to work out. Manufacturers and individual drivers will not want to take responsibility for accidents and so legal battles will ensue, potentially going all the way to the supreme court.
	With both sides of the issue being addressed, I will now give my personal stance on the issue. I am of the belief that self-driving cars are better for the world than they are worse. I want to start by acknowledging my privilege. I am on the trajectory to be in a financial situation to be able to afford a car like this. Especially if insurance costs are cut out, I see potentially being able to afford a self-driving car. More generally, I believe that cutting out human errors is extremely important. With more and more cars being on the road today, there is a higher and higher chance to of being in an accident as a result of human error. To eliminate that, or highly reduce the chances, would be a huge win. Secondly, having much more time would be a great thing. Like the saying goes, time is the one thing that you can never get back. To potentially take less time to get places, and to be able to use the time that you would usually be driving would be extremely helpful. Overall, I believe that these benefits greatly outweigh the costs. 