	Self-driving cars seem to be a thing of the future, but as reports of self-driving cars keep coming up in the media, their dawn on society is evident. There are several proponents against the use of self-driving cars, citing issues of increases in fatality, increases in cost, and legal claims. Nevertheless, self-driving cars are necessary for several reasons from increased safety to better living conditions. Learning more about the benefits of this technology will help propel it into mainstream use, and help make life better for everyone. 
	Many groups lobby against the implementation of self-driving cars because of the fear that it may lead to an increase in car accidents. The argument for this perspective is that if no human is handling the steering wheel of a car, it is possible that the computer software will make a mistake without a mechanism to stop it. Despite this perspective offering a frightening future, the fact is that 81 percent of car crashes are caused by human error. That is to say that if self-driving cars were implemented, that percentage would be close to zero percent. However unlikely, if car accidents were to occur via self-driving car,it would not be nearly as frequent as human driving crashes.  
	The second most common fear cited against self-driving cars is the cost of implementing the technology. With the implementation of any technology, adding costs is typically necessary for the start. In this case as well, the cost associated with the computer software, sensors, and other research and design will add up. Fortunately, what is overlooked in this perspective is the significant reduction in insurance costs that will take place. The U.S. Department of Transportation values a human life at $9.2 million, with insurance companies using similar estimates when it comes to fatal car crashes. The burden of a possible crash would be significantly reduced with the use of self-driving cars. This reduction in risk will significantly lower the cost of car insurance and health insurance. In addition to these savings, costs are saved through the time that will instantly become available to an individual when in a self-driving car. Instead of having to worry about merging lanes or stopping at a red light, time can be used to catch up on work left behind, reading, or simply getting ahead on tasks. Although it may be an initial investment, the benefits in saving from the car are plenty to make up for the cost.  
	One final reason used to challenge self-driving cars is the fact that no legal precedent exists to settle a case where a self-driving car does cause an accident. This could be a potential issue for everyone because although someone is driving the car themselves, they can no longer be only person blamed for everything. This is an issue that our society is bound to see arise constantly as we continue to push the current boundaries of technology. To say that society should stifle its technological growth in the fears of setting legal precedence on a new issue is equivalent to preventing the discovery of solutions to current and future issues. If the self-driving car is a solution toward a safer, more productive and cost-efficient future, it is our duty as a society to make sure this technology succeeds. 
	Educating ourselves with an open-mind about upcoming technology is the best way to overcome the fears that may surround that technology. Although self-driving cars are foreign to our society today, learning about the benefits it can have will help bring about a safer and more efficient future. 