	There are many advantages for the United States of we were to transition to self-driving cars. The primary benefit is simply the amount of lives saved due to the elimination of intoxicated, distracted, or otherwise dangerous drivers. Computers provide a precise, safe alternative to the potential for human error that occurs each time a driver gets behind the wheel. In addition, self-driving cars can save money on insurance costs and outdated infrastructure, decrease traffic, and are actually better for the environment. However, some limitations to self-driving cars exist. These include a difficult transition to using these vehicles, cost, the failure of technology, and the potential for job loss and decline of certain industries. 
	Despite these technological limitations, an initially high cost, and a likely challenging transition, self-driving cars are the future and they will save lives by eliminating or drastically reducing the possibility of human error. Every year, 33,000 people die in automobile accidents, and most of these deaths could have been prevented because the drivers were distracted, drunk, tired, or otherwise should not have been driving.  In their article, "Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated with Self-Driving Cars," the Auto Insurance Center reports that 81% of automobile accidents are due to human error. Reducing the number of vehicle accidents by 10% would be a huge win. Reducing it by 80% would be astounding. A progression from tens of thousands of traffic fatalities annually due to human error to hypothetically minuscule traffic fatalities due to technological errors alone makes self-driving cars extremely beneficial to society. 
	If that statistic is not sobering enough, consider this. Vehicular accidents are the number one cause of death for teenagers, and again, the majority of these fatalities are preventable. We know from cognitive scientists and psychologists that teenagers are physiologically more likely to engage in risky behavior—such as dangerous, drunk, or otherwise impaired driving— which leads teenagers to take driving risks that adults do not. Unfortunately, we read stories and see horrific pictures in this and other newspapers across the country of teens who have been tragically killed, paralyzed or seriously injured due to car accidents. Each year, high schools around the country ask students to sign the Prom Promise, which is a petition that encourages students not to drink and drive on Prom night. Turning sixteen and getting a driver’s license has long been a rite-of-passage in America. The freedom teens feel when they buy their first car and are able to just go is powerful. Self-driving cars would not strip this freedom and independence from teens--a driver's license and could easily be replaced by a self-driving car operator license--but the self-driving cars would save countless lives while allowing teens their beloved independence and their parents peace of mind. 
	If you have reservations about self-driving cars due of the potential for technological failure, I share them with you. Just this past month, a self-driving car being tested in Arizona turned a corner, struck, and killed a woman who was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk. We have not perfected this technology. We have miles to go before it can be implemented on any kind of large scale. We have many ethical, legal, and policy considerations and implications to work through. However, we have the opportunity to save countless lives. We have the opportunity to save countless others from debilitating injury. We have the obligation to use technology the way it’s always been used—to benefit our society and improve the lives of all Americans. 