The self-driving cars promise to take care of our time,money and safety. This new technology can be judged using the following factors:
Safety,the U.S. Department of Transportation assigns 9.2 million$ to each human life.81% of the accidents occur due to human error.  It can not get distracted by fellow passengers. Moreover, people like differently-abled can travel alone with these cars. They will follow the rules like: no drunk driving and speed limit, automatically reducing the likelihood of an accident.
 Time,These cars use complex algorithms to calculate distance between two cars, they can communicate with each other and also follow platooning to decrease traffic congestion.This can help in saving the time wasted in waiting for public transport and routes too.
	Money, they remove the added costs of hiring a driver, along with the costly speed tickets and hefty health insurances.
the need to hire a driver is totally null. In case of an accident, the fault will be of a machine, the insurance cover and the cops will be the concern of the auto-car company. 
The negative sides are discussed as follows:
Costly: this technology implementation takes upto $100,000.This is not possible for most Americans.
Low Knowledge: Teletrac quotes that drivers need to be taught this new technology. In case of a system failure, they should know the skills to operate it.
High dependency on network: in case of bad weather conditions, these cars might lose contact from gps or traffic signals. Then they will just not be able to work safely.
Local driving laws and special scenarios: these cars need to adapt to the driving laws as per the state. There are times when the traffic signals are switched off and traffic is manually managed by an officer. In fact, in big cities where people drive rashly, these cars might still be prone to accidents.
After weighing both sides of the coin, the pros tremendously outshine the cons. The auto-pilot mode in airplanes, automatic people movers (trains at airports) and not to forget satellites trust this technology. These cars need to make decisions instantaneously to manage traffic, signals,route and nearest parking. Considering the horrible numbers of road accidents, this technology is a very good option.The most important use might be for a person in need to urgent care living alone. 
All the statistics point towards the fact that humans are prone to error. The drivers might get distracted and lose control of the car. This will lead to accident, therefore health and car insurance covers. If a self-driving car is used, there will be no distractions, very less accidents, and very less insurance covers will be required. It will save our lives, time , money and make our lives faster and more safer.