	Technology is a huge part of daily living. It seems like society relies heavily on cell phones, WiFi, and different forms of social media. Technology is advancing so quickly, that soon even our cars will be made "smart". A world with self driving cars might not be too far off for us, as Google has been testing cars that indeed drive themselves. But, are these cars really more beneficial for us as a society? Some may argue that these self driving cars are much safer than our current modes of transportation. I hold with the opinion that these cars would not be more beneficial because they would occur with significantly higher costs than those of human driven cars. 
	It has been shown that upwards of 33,000 people die annually from car accidents, and many people believe that these self driving cars can be the resolution. Car accidents are often caused by human error, like distractions. Many people in support of self driving cars may argue that since these cars are ran by computers, they are unable to become distracted, significantly lowering the probability of fatal car accidents. These cars are ran by complex algorithms that allow the car to be aware of its surroundings. These algorithms would allow for the cars to know the locations of stop lights, as well as distances between itself and other cars on the road. It is proposed that the value of a human life is around 9.2 million dollars, and with a decrease in fatal car accidents, a significant decrease in health care and insurance costs would follow if self driving cars were used regularly. 
	Despite the great arguments in support of self driving cars, these cars would not completely eliminate the risk of human error, nor would they be the most secure methods of transportation.  Firstly, although these cars would decrease the occurrence of human error, they can still be accompanied with significantly high amounts of  human error. With these errors, fatal accidents can, and most definitely will happen if self driven cars are made the norm. These self driven cars are also unsafe because they pose a threat to personal security. These cars are operated on computer programming and software, which can be open to hackers that could collect personal information from the passengers.
       These self driving cars are also very costly. The use of self driving cars would be damaging to the economy as a whole. Workers in the public transportation sector would be put out of work, because there would be no need for them in the job market, causing a rise in the unemployment rate and economic decline. Education in how to use, acquire, and operate these vehicles would also be a significant cost. As previously stated, these accidents do not completely eliminate the occurrence of accidents, and if these accidents were to occur can be accompanied with high court costs, because  messy situation would arise when trying to figure out who would be responsible for the damage. 
	Technology is very important. It makes life a little more simple, yet complicates it all at once. Self driving cars might sound like something that would only exist in a movie, but these vehicles will soon actually become a thing of reality. Although some may argue that these cars would improve overall safety and quality of life, I strongly believe that they would be more costly than regular cars and could potentially cause more harm than good. Self driving cars can be dangerous, and will possibly damage the job market. 