	We can all recognize the superficial pros and cons to self-driving cars however most of us already have a strong opinion of them. Nevertheless, here are some pros and cons to self-driving cars that may surprise you and even make you reconsider your initial bias. Obviously, self-driving cars are safer for the driver and other drivers on the road. As the saying goes, 'computers do not make mistakes.' The added benefit of a computer taking control of the wheel is the extra time busy commuters have to work or relax. I definitely could use a break during my commute rather than stressing myself about others' driving flaws and wasting my energy ranting towards unskilled drivers. Besides this apparent benefit of self driving cars, another pro is especially important to persons with physical disabilities. These persons will be given a new aspect of independence because they will be able to commute on their own in the self-driving cars. A pro that will benefit every single driver that must commute during rush hour in the city is the elimination of platooning. Platooning is when there is constant accelerating and braking which causes buildups of traffic and raises all of our tempers. Not only would commuting times decrease, so would our blood pressures. 
	On the flip side, self-driving cars raise obvious hazards and skepticism. They will be much more expensive than current vehicles which means that many of their benefits will not come to fruition until the majority of people are able to purchase them. Self-driving cars could hurt the economy as many jobs will be eliminated such as those employed through Uber and taxi. A large con that many might overlook is that the self-driving car does not respond to human traffic signals. This means that if the traffic lights fail, the self driving cars are essentially rogue. Car manufacturers will also have to overcome the stigma around self-driving cars which is that computers are taking over society and that self-driving cars are not safe. 
	After analyzing the benefits and disadvantages of self driving car, I believe that self-driving cars are beneficial to society. I think that the self-driving car is an inevitable push of the future. Disadvantages to the self driving car can be resolved by research and technological advances. I have no doubt that the manufacturing leaders in the car industry are working hard to make this into reality. The only setback to the self-driving car that remains is that people will feel their independence is taken away. There is something powerful in taking the wheel and cruising down the highway on your own terms. But to benefit the greater good, some things must be sacrificed. Self-driving cars can make society more efficient, greatly decrease accidents and deaths due to car crashes, and make the commuting experience much more enjoyable. The futuristic dream of cars driving themselves is coming and we should embrace the benefits that it will bring to society in the economic, social, and cultural aspects. 