	Self-driving cars have beneficial and disadvantageous effects on society. Although the benefits of self-driving cars may seem promising, the adverse effects might deter one from investing in them as the future of automobile technology. Here I evaluate self-driving cars' impact on accidents, industrial growth, convenience, data security, and the legal system. First, let’s review the positive aspects of self-driving cars. 
	Self-driving cars would allow parents to feel safer about their high-school children “driving” to school with a reduced risk of speeding or an accident. If their child is distracted by a text, it wouldn’t matter because he/she wouldn’t need to pay attention to the road. If everyone had self-driving cars, there would be fewer accidents, and speeding would be a thing of the past, allowing police officers devote more time and manpower to other crimes. These self-driving cars would also benefit the sick and the elderly who would otherwise need to depend on others to get around. 
If the majority of people had self-driving cars, they could reduce traffic congestion and allow cars to drive closer together on the road, providing extra space. These cars would have sensors on the outside of the vehicles that would allow them to coordinate movement in tight places. The cars could also perform parallel parking in close proximity to other cars, potentially providing more available parking spaces. Needing to find a parking space near an event would also be less necessary with self-driving cars. The car could drop a person off at his/her designated location, and then drive off to the nearest parking lot. From this perspective, this would eliminate the need for valet parking and save individuals money.
	From an industrial growth prospective, the move toward self-driving cars would promote job growth for minds with a knack for technological advancement and machine learning. A new industry would be created. This can translate to the public transportation sector; self-driving buses and trains may soon follow. There could be work on how to make these cars more efficient and economically friendly, moving away from gas-powered cars which have harmful effects on the environment.  
	However, although there are many positives of self-driving cars, as with any technological advancement, there are also risks. Those with self-driving cars may need to worry about keeping their data secure from hackers who may want to know a person’s most frequently visited locations. This data could be used in targeted advertisements, or for more malicious purposes such as ascertaining the best place for a potential robbery or when the home would be empty. Furthermore, what happens if someone hacks a car, takes control, and causes numerous accidents? Self-driving cars would provide a unique opportunity for those who have ill intent toward others to do so from behind a computer. Extra security precautions would need to be handled, offering yet another layer of obsequiousness to the mix. In cases in which a system is hacked and the vehicle is used to harm others, are the inventors behind the security system to some degree at fault?
Environmental conditions could also lead to error on the part of the self-driving car. In adverse weather or road conditions that would provide the self-driving car with less-clear visual data, there could be a greater risk for an accident if the occupants of the car do not pay careful attention. The self-driving cars may be worse than humans at detecting and avoiding potholes or black ice on the road. When these adverse conditions do occur, the self-driving car may only make calculated decisions, unable to account for the many scenarios the human mind can create and make decisions on based on emotional judgments. For example, if a self-driving car is on a slippery road and spins out of control, does it jerk out of the way to save a child pedestrian or the fit male pedestrian? The car wouldn’t know how to make these “gut-feeling” decisions. Additionally, if an accident does happen, where does the blame lie? A car cannot be charged with vehicular manslaughter. If the driver was not technically in control of the vehicle, they may not be responsible either. All that is left is the manufacturing company, however that doesn’t seem appropriate either. New legislation would need to be implemented to account for these possible scenarios. 
One reason people may promote self-driving cars is that they may reduce the consequences of being distracted in the car or intoxicated while driving. Some of these distractions are things outside of the car such as signs, events, or a car accident. Other distractions may be passengers in the car, reading an email, talking on the phone, or texting on the phone. Although self-driving cars may severely reduce the possibility of accidents due to distractions an inebriation, such as those mentioned above, there are other ways to reduce these risks. Laws to limit talking or texting with a cell-phone, less distracting billboards, and mandatory safety classes or tests every several years would also improve or maintain people's attentiveness while driving. Providing more rest-stops along highways for drowsy drivers would help the issue of fatigue. A breathalyzer could be installed in the car to require a person's blood-alcohol level to be below the legal limit before the car can start. This may also reduce people's feelings of "getting comfortable" with driving. Given this, although self-driving cars offer one, expensive, solution to the problem of being distracted while driving, they are not the only potential way to solve such a problem. 
	Finally, whereas some industries may see job growth, public transportation personnel would have a job reduction, as would taxi drivers. The oil and gasoline industries may also suffer, potentially harming export sales from countries that would need it. If these self-driving cars are mostly electric, many gas stations may go out of business. 
	Thus, although self-driving cars may provide some benefits to society, they also come with just as many, if not more, risks to society. In some instances, they are not the only option for combating traffic accidents. For one, although this would be cutting edge technology, the risk for data security breaches also increases. Whereas people would no longer need to drive a car themselves, during an emergency they would be unable to due to a lack of knowledge. Additionally, for the self-driving car system to have the highest chance of working, there needs to be complete assimilation into a self-driving car world. Everyone would need a self-driving car to significantly reduce accidents due to human error. This spins into an ethical dilemma within itself, what happens to the people who refuse to own a self-driving car? Finally, although some job growth would occur to help implement the new technology, the eradication of gasoline-run and human operated cars would severely harm gas, oil, public transportation, and taxi industries. The sudden shift in technology would ultimately negatively change how the world functions. 