       Self-driving cars have arrived and are on the market even if their drivers wouldn't define them as such. Drivers are using cars that will auto park, brake if they approach an obstruction, and follow a car in front of them. They may not feel like they are self-driving as they do still require some human interaction and drivers can opt-in to such features, but when they are all used in combination, the car is in effect driving itself. Even when not in control of the wheel, these features can alert drivers to cars in their blind spot and provide a rear view when the driver is in moving backwards. Whether or not people want this future is now irrelevant; it's coming and soon people will be so used to it that they won’t remember what it was like to drive without a little backup support. Eventually, they won’t remember what it was like to drive at all, and that’s a good thing. Everyone will be safer when computers take the wheel.
	People are terrible drivers. We as humans like to believe that we can stay awake, pay attention, and maneuver an enormous hunk of metal at high speeds. The reality is that even when focused on the road, the human brain can only absorb a limited amount of its surroundings. People worry that self-driving cars are not as good as humans at detecting pedestrians or other anomalies, and they aren't as good--they're better at it. Computers have the capability to process the entire environment, not just what's in their fovea or what's left over after the brain has filtered out what it considers irrelevant. And they do it without getting drowsy or lost in their thoughts. Self-driving cars have years of clocked hours on the road. In all of those hours, only one pedestrian fatality has been caused by a self-driving car in the United States. On the other hand, 23 cyclists were killed in 2017 by human-driven cars in New York City alone (CBS New York). Clearly self-driving cars already have a better track record than their predecessors. 
	However, people should not be surrendering unmonitored control of the driving to their car just yet. There are some edges to human cognition that self-driving cars do not currently share even if they surpass it on others. One of them is the knowledge that some caution should be taken when accelerating around turns or at the peak of hills. I have been in cars that are set to regulate their speed to conditions of the road and the drivers around them, but on a nice day with no other cars in sight of the cameras, they will ramp up speed as they reach the peak of the hill without any knowledge of what may be on the other side. Due to the superior reaction times of a computer as compared to a human, the car could likely avoid any unforeseen obstruction that was just at the top and out of sight of the hill, but its passengers would not have enjoyed the abrupt stop. Even without an accident, such an abrupt stop can cause air bags to deploy or cause the body to jerk against the seatbelt and snap the collar bone. Such a need for abrupt stops would have been eliminated by a careful human driver who slowed down in anticipation of what might be lurking just beyond the crest of the hill. 
	The fact that self-driving cars are not ready to chauffeur people around en masse yet does not mean that it’s not coming though or that this reality is anything to fear. These cars just need more training, and unlike people, when one car trains, they all learn. Whether its navigating the Pittsburgh left or learning to be cautious when its camera does not detect straight road ahead, when one car learns, they all learn because they all share the technology. Thankfully, for the consumer, the transition to a self-driving car is a slow one. People will have time to adjust to the new reality and the software engineers will use this time to improve the technology. We have moved from basic cruise control to cars that will match pace with traffic. We have moved from rear-view cameras to cars that parallel park themselves. People are feeling safer about letting their car take over and when consumers are ready to give up the wheel, the car manufacturers will be there with a self-driving version. When that day comes, we’ll all be safer for it, and maybe the number of cyclists killed in New York City in a given year will finally reach zero. 
	CBSNewYork. “NYC Pedestrian Deaths Drop 32 Percent Last Year.” CBS New York, CBS New York, 8 Jan. 2018, newyork.cbslocal.com/2018/01/08/2017-pedestrian-deaths-nyc/. 