	Self-driving cars have attracted lots of attentions and raised heat debates. People feel puzzle or even panic because of the high uncertainty of integrating this new technology on vehicles. Based on the reading materials and my personal knowledge, I think the points of controversy can be summarized as two aspects: the safety concerns of autonomous driving, and economic impacts on the society. Though risky, I think resources should not be held to prevent self-driving cars from developing.  In this essay, I will first summarize both advantages and disadvantages of developing autonomous driving, and then illustrate why I support to study and use self-driving cars.
	First, we strongly believe technology generally will improve the quality of life. However, to what extent the autonomous driving can benefit the society largely depends on the techniques, and other uncontrollable factors, making the technology with high uncertainty. The initial purpose, or the biggest motivation to adopting the self-driving cars is to reduce accident rate on the road by overcoming the driving distraction problem. Ideally, automation should drive much safer than human, because machines will not be tired or be distracted. Yet it is a valid concern that the actual performance will largely depend on the specific technology/algorithm. In addition, external factors including individuals' attitudes toward automation and weather conditions are threats to decreasing the safe level of self-driving vehicles. Those uncertain factors are considered as sources of unsafe of self-driving cars, and roots of users' unwillingness to adopt those cars.
	Second, the economic impacts of self-driving cars on the society is a double-sided sword. The benefits of adopting automation include improved efficiency and reduced cost. Nevertheless, those benefits are gained at the cost of eliminating various occupations in the transportation sector. It is of wide concern that the unemployment rate will increase. In order to address the worries about the rising unemployment rate, training programs will be developed to help the low-income group (for example, taxi drivers) to develop new skills and rebuild their lives. Yet the training programs will inevitably introduce more burdens on the government expenditure. 
	Though self-driving cars is an emerging technology with too much uncertainty, overall, I am in favor of putting more resources into developing self-driving vehicles. There are two main reasons. First, autonomous driving can indeed help human to reduce accidents, as long as human always have control over the cars; Second, the biggest benefit of adopting self-driving cars, is not built in the cars themselves, but built in the network of the autonomous or intelligent traffic. 
	First, we are already enjoying the benefits from 'self-driving'.In fact, autonomous driving is not a recent concept. For example, cruise control and lane-centering are widely adopted driver assistance systems. Furthermore, Volvo cars can automatically stop if pedestrians are detected within a risk distance in front of the vehicle and the driver fail to react in time. Those systems are designed to make driving activities safer and safer. The driver must still always be ready to take control of the vehicle, however. When it comes to end-users or consumers, even people with automation aversion can benefit from the self-driving techniques. Because consumers can choose which driving assistant systems they want to use, to increase users’ driving experiences. Considering the automation takes charge of driving, especially when people are tired or distracted, I believe investing resource in building more intelligent and driver-friendly techniques are no doubt beneficial. 
	Second, besides allocating resource in researching the single-car based technologies, constructing a vehicle network system adds a significant value to our society. Specifically, real-time information traffics and road risks can be swiftly distributed to the whole network. In this way, cars with "intelligence" can calculate the equilibrium and provide personalized navigation based on all the information collecting from passengers, road, and weather. In order to develop such a communication system, the intelligence level of end-cars is essential. The radars, sensors, and software systems need to be designed as a whole system to process and transfer data within the car, and within the whole system. 
	To sum up, self-driving services are already embedded in our driving experience. We are enjoying and will continue to enjoy the benefits brought by the development of technology. 