	Self driving cars have become the craze of the  new world. Not only would they be fuel efficient and reduce the number of accidents on the road, it would also allow the driver the opportunity to interact with their friends in the car instead of focusing on the road. Transportation by car would instead be similar to a train where you can leisurely admire the view and chat with friends while you cruise towards the destination. However, self driving cars are not infallible. Leaving our lives to the decisions of a machine is no simple task. Should the technology  fail, will the drivers who lack practice be able to handle the situation. Being suddenly thrown into such a situation would cause the driver to panic and be more prone to causing accidents. Overall, until this technology proves to be almost fail proof, it will most likely not be widely accepted or implemented. In the following paragraph I will be explaining why it is a good stepping stone to the future. 
	Self driving cars are the way to the future. It would greatly reduce the number of accidents on the road. Over 90 percent of road accidents are attributed to human error, by employing self driving cars, we will eliminate the human error which is the key cause of many road accidents that occur today. By taking the human out of driving, there will be less chances of misjudgments because a machine does what it is programmed. 
	However, self driving cars depend heavily on the accuracy of the instruments it has, something which our current technology lacks. The GPS which we often use today to get to our destination are not very reliable. One example of its unreliability is whenever there are overlapping roads, the GPS is unable to identify which road we are on and would give conflicting instructions. Furthermore, GPS do not work underground and in tunnels, affecting available routes of self driving cars. The inaccuracy of the device could lead to inefficiencies and longer travelling times to accommodate the restrictions and issues mentioned above. The weather itself could also hamper the accuracy of the GPS, disrupting the performance of the self driving car. With so many disruptions and inaccuracies, self driving cars would not be able to operate efficiently and thus may perform worse than simply driving the car.  
	In order to counter the above problem, some may suggest that we use more sophisticated and accurate instruments in our vehicles. However, these technologies would cause the cost of purchasing these car to be astronomical. This would limit the number of self driving cars on the road and affect the accuracy of driving as self driving cars rely upon information provided by other self driving cars. With less information about its surrounding vehicles, it will not be able to accurately judge the situation and thus result in poorer performance. This is a major issue as not only are we paying highly for such a product, but also the product fails to meet the expectations of the user. Both these facts combined would greatly hamper the interest of buyer. Thus with such a high  barrier of entry and no current advantage now, self driving cars would not be a very viable option. 
	Overall, self driving cars are a good step ahead but unless the level of technology improves in price and accuracy, it would only be a fairy tale. 