	Technology remains to be the backbone of civilizations. Over the years, most societies developed new, innovative ideas to make the human experience easier and more efficient. Now, in the age of the technological boom, innovators race for new patents and ideas that could have not have been dreamed about by past societies. For instance, hover boards are essentially skateboards that are motorized, which should have been a new frontier for toy technology. However, hover boards are actually used to entertain the public with their spectacular, flaming explosions on the internet. Does the self-driving car have the same fiery fate? I believe the self-driving car will end up having more positive qualities than negative qualities due to its inherent potential. 
	For starters, this technology can add up to over 100,000 dollars for the entirety of the system. The average American has a salary of about 60,000 dollars. So, each car would be worth almost two American salaries which would be not affordable for the average consumer. Another idea that strikes a cord would be that there are glitches with mechanics that a normal person can't fix. This may lead to injuries or high replacement cost. Even human hackers could break into the system and potentially take a life. Additionally, there are so many every day problems that could interfere with the technology like a cow in the middle of the road or local driving laws unique to certain areas that the car can't instantaneously adapt to. Lastly, old jobs in the manual car business would be lost. These people probably require the jobs to support families and basic necessities while computers don't have these urgent issues. In the argument against self-driving cars, the cons make decent points. 
	However, the pros outweigh the cons by far. Of course, the technology will cost more when it first arrives. Every new product is expensive due to the brand-new technology and inherent rarity. Calculators used to be 395 dollars when they first came out. But if the industry begins to mass produce, the cost will steadily decrease if demand stays constant. Since 81% of accidents occur due to human error,  human lives, insurance money, medical bills, and time could be saved if self-driving cars took over the roads. Moreover, the self-driving car can even take care of the needy. Now, the elderly and people with disabilities can get around independently and more time-efficiently. Remember the first airplane? It could barely hold one person aloft and was made of flammable wood. Now, airports and flights are integral parts of the worlds of business and leisure. Not to mention that most of the cons dealt with the loss of human jobs, but new jobs are necessary in this new industry. The technology has to be programmed by humans, and smaller human industries could benefit, too, like the insurance people and instructors for new car usage.
	All in all, the pros seem to handily outweigh the cons. The cons have an advantage in the initial staging of production that deal with overpricing, unpredictable mechanical failure, and substantial job loss. However, technology can become cheaper with mass production, reduce the considerable human error in accidents which can save time, money, and lives, and can improve the lives of the dependent. New jobs will emerge in the expanding field as has happened with past developing fields. The most important thing to remember is to remain patient and wait for the technology to work out its kinks. But if that big, bulky plane can be navigated and dependent on a computer, then why not the automobile? 