	It is hard to be a pioneer in any kind of area. When it comes to the self-driving cars, we do not have that notion of having a car without the driver. Nowadays, it is even hard to imagine seeing cars without drivers. Thus, for those who are trying to develop self-driving cars, it is challenging to present all benefits of that type of the car.  
	The main advantage of developing this new technological development is to reduce car accidents. If you pull out some statistical data about car accidents, you can observe that the main cause of the road accident is the mistake made by a human-driver. This must have been the motivation behind creating self-driving cars. As developers are performing some test-drives on self-driving cars, there is the evidence that those cars might significantly decrease the rate of car accidents. It would help us save millions of lives and dollars. However, some people may argue that self-driving cars are not perfect enough, especially in case of driving in severe weather conditions such as heavy rain, fog and so on.  
	Another advantage of self-driving cars is saving some money and here are two reasons why. First, getting this kind of a car means that the owner will pay less for the car insurance, or not even have one. Second, it would help drivers to save some expenses because self-driving cars are run by electricity. Moreover, the latter helps us retain a sustainable environment. However, there are still some people that might argue with the aforementioned advantage. Instead of saving money, the owners of those fancy cars might end by paying more because self-driving cars will cost approximately $100 000 on average. However, in the far future, that cost might decrease as the competition rate among car manufacturing companies rises. 
	The last but not the least benefit of getting a self-driving car is saving some time. If we have self-driving cars on our streets, we will no longer need to take driving courses and going through the process of plenty of examinations to get the driver's license. There will be still time consumption in terms of learning to control self-driving cars. However, in comparison to the time spent on obtaining a driver's license, the latter is the best option that we want to consider.  
	Overall, it is clear that the advantages of developing self-driving cars outweigh the disadvantages. Self-driving cars not just help preventing people to get in car accidents, but also help drivers to save money and time on obtaining driver's license. Even though there are some  minor drawbacks of this new technological development, I believe that in the near future we will witness a vast number of self-driving cars in the streets.  