	There are many advantages and disadvantages for using self-driving cars in our society today. The overall advantages of self-driving cars are that they have the potential to be safer and cheaper alternatives compared to the standard method of manual driving seen today. Self-driving cars would be safer because they would eliminate the human element of distracted driving caused by someone talking on their cell phone, falling asleep, or intoxicated with drugs. They would also be safer because they would decrease car accidents by being programmed to stop at a safe distance from other vehicles and thus avoid any collisions with nearby traffic. In addition, self-driving cars would be cheaper for our society in the long run, because it would save money from all the accidents it would have prevented. According to the article, the US Department of Transportation values every human life at $9.2 million and self-driving cars would prevent many of the high insurance and healthcare costs that would have developed due to car accidents. Car accidents contribute to costs related to repairing both parties vehicles, health insurance and hospital visits, and road work construction created from the accident. By reducing car accidents, it would save the public these costs if they were to ever experience a car accident themselves.  
	On the other hand, one disadvantage of self-driving cars are the cost associated with making and purchasing these vehicles.  A self driving car has unique engineering, power, and computer requirements that is going to make it differ from a manual driving car and thus increase the manufacturing cost. If it will cost more money to make a self driving car compared to a manual driving car, then it would also be reasonable to anticipate the market value of a self driving car to be greater. For instance, it was estimated the cost for a self-driving car to be upwards of $100,000, making it a luxury item that only the upper class would be able to afford. If only a smaller percentage of the population could afford to utilize self-driving cars, that means only a few self driving cars would be out for use in the public because only those that would be able to afford them would own them. If a majority of cars on the road are only manually driving cars, then accidents caused by distracted driving would still occur and costs associated with car accidents and healthcare bills would still be high, despite the introduction of self driving cars to our society. 
	Overall, self-driving cars would be a huge benefit for our society. The main factor that would deem self-driving cars an advantage rather than a disadvantage would be the aspect of decreasing distracted driving which would thus decrease car accidents. A decrease in car accidents not only saves our society money in healthcare and car insurance costs, but it would more importantly help in saving lives. We currently live in a world where technological advancements are constantly created for the betterment of our society. What better reason to use self-driving cars if they can save lives? Car accidents have always occurred since they were first created, and are too common in our society with the CDC reporting an average of 33,000 fatalities occurring from car accidents yearly. While most of those car accents are caused by distracted driving, self-driving cars would eliminate that problem entirely because the computers controlling the vehicles would have no way of experiencing the same distractions as humans. 
     Although the cost for creating and selling self-driving cars may seem high at first, as new technology is constantly updated and manufactured, self-driving cars could one day be affordable for everyone. For example, when the first phone came out more than a decade ago, it was considered only a novelty item for rich individuals who had money and could afford it. However, after years of development and fine tuning the details of the overall concept of the phone, there are versions available that cater to individuals of various economic levels. 
   In conclusion, society needs to advocate for the production and common usage of self driving cars in our communities. Although it may take years before more individuals can afford self-driving vehicles, it will all be worth it if you just imagine being able to spend a little more time with someone you lost due to a car accident. Self driving cars will become the next best innovation that will not only make our lives easier for our daily commute, but allow some of us to live longer ones by reducing the rate of fatal car accidents that occur every so often with manual cars today. 