	Self-driving cars seem to be on the horizon within the next several years. However, there is still a fierce debate to whether these cars will do more harm than good. Some believe that the development of these cars is the key for a safer and more efficient future. Some people believe this because of how self-driving cars will reduce the likelihood of accidents as 81% of accidents are due to human error, make transportation more available for disabled people, and maximize efficiency as emergency services can deal with other life-threatening problems instead of auto-related incidents. While there are many people that support such cars, there are others that are dead against it. The main reasons why people are against self-driving cars include the difficulty of implementation and the many troubles that will arise after implementation. 
	After a thorough analysis of the benefits and problems of self-driving cars, I believe that self-driving cars are more of a detriment to society than benefit. One reason that supports this idea is how expensive the cars will be once they reach commercial production. A lot of expensive machinery, like sensors and cameras, will be needed to make a self-driving car. This will contribute greatly to the projected average price of $100,000. With such a large asking price, the majority of the world population will not be able to afford these cars with the world average household income around $2,500. Thus, the production of self-driving cars, no matter the benefits, will not help society if only the very wealthy are able to buy them. 
	Another reason why the problems with self-driving cars outweigh the benefits is the amount of disruption it will cause to society. With self-driving cars being made, such technology will be made for other types of transportation, like trucks, buses, planes, and trains. This technology will ultimately render any human authority on these vehicles useless. This will put the millions of people in the transportation industry out of work. These people will suffer until they find a new job and if they do not find a new job, they may resort to crime to feed themselves and their families. Additionally, with such a large amount of people out of jobs, they do not have any spending money. Many businesses, small large, will lose these customers. The loss of these customers will induce a loss of profit which will hurt such businesses. This will then hurt the economy. Thus, though self-driving cars do make the road safe and maximize efficiency, millions of people will lose their jobs, possibly increasing crime and definitely hurting the economy.
	The last reason for why the self-driving cars have more problems than benefits is due to the idea that self-driving cars can be hacked. With this idea a great possibility, the safety benefit of self-driving cars is compromised as mentioned by the Guardian. Hackers can hack the cars so that they will crash or drive off a bridge. With the main benefit of self-driving cars, safety, being so easy to be compromised, the whole idea of having self-driving cars can be disregarded entirely. 
	To conclude, self-driving cars cause more problems than solutions to society. This is because they cost too much for the average person to buy, will put many people out of jobs, damaging the economy and increasing crime, and being susceptible to hacking. 