	Self-driving cars, though only recently having become a technological feasibility, have advanced rapidly in their short time of development, managing to thoroughly capture the public eye. A debate on their fitness to our automotive environment and on their desirableness to our society as a whole has been raging onward with impassioned arguments on both sides. In this essay I aim to provide convincing evidence that, though they have potential to cause societal harm, given the distressing array of negative societal impacts associated with human-driven cars, the apparent feasibility for self-driving cars to ameliorate these issues makes it only rational to welcome their implementation. 
	To start with, consider the fallibility of human drivers. On a regular basis we turn on our engines without sufficient sleep, absentmindedly forget to check blind-spots, and allow our attention to be torn from the road by the slightest of mobile vibrations. With an estimated 33,000 annual fatal accidents and overwhelming evidence that human error accounts for a significant number of these, it seems incontrovertible that we should do better. 
	While no one would rightly argue that our current system is ideal, skepticism toward self-driving cars at this stage is more than fair. The development of the vehicles is very much still in its developmental infancy. Coupling that fact with the reality of a mixed automotive environment - with both computerized and human driven cars - one might very well expect implementation of self-driving cars to cause an increase in accidents. The key question then becomes: "would a self-driving car actually be any safer than a human-driven one?". While there is currently insufficient information to give a definite answer, I think there are good reasons to put more faith in the self-driving cars. Whereas human drivers tend to fall into a lull of false confidence after driving for many years, self-driving cars can be designed to improve and become more safe over time. Further, there is no distraction, no sleep deprivation, no intoxication, and no frantic concern for being late to take a self-driving car away from the task of safely getting from point A to point B. In the absence of such risks, a computerized car might very well behave safer even without the ability to intuitively grasp tendencies and perceptions of neighboring human drivers. 
	Others however, are more concerned about the societal impact of these cars than their safety specs. Even if the change means less lives lost on the road, it still may be an unwise one if it leads to the ruin of lives off the road. Given the number of transportation jobs, a computerized revolution could displace the occupations of many currently employed drivers. Furthermore, given the massive economic investment needed to own such a car, might this lead to a widening of already egregious inequality gaps in the country? 
	The transportation industry represents a real threat if we have no place for the newly unemployed to turn. This however, is not a problem unique to self-driving cars but rather, is a pervasive and imminent threat encroaching on us from all directions given the rapid advance of technological competency. If we cannot, as a society solve this more generally, the threats will be realized even in the absence of the driver-less car revolution; if we do find a way to support the displaced workers of other sectors I remain hopeful that such approaches can be implemented to the transportation-sector as well. 
	As for societal inequality, self-driving vehicles, if implemented properly, could actually be a great boon to economically struggling classes. To begin, the previously considered transportation industry automation, though bad for workers, could be fantastic for commodity prices. If the cost of all daily goods dropped, many would be the better for it. Further, current systems of public transportation are woefully insufficient to serve their desired societal role. When jobs, hospitals, and enrichment events are inconvenient to access, attendance from under serviced individuals tends to drop. This creates a de-facto restriction on who may access what. With an automated public transportation system, it could be much easier to introduce flexible pick-up locations, drop-off spots, and schedules. With a more functional and convenient public transportation system, we could relieve both the economic burden of buying a vehicle as well as the logistical burden of navigating tricky and time-consuming bus routes. 
	A society which supports self-driving cars would certainly look different from ours. How we implement them will determine whether those differences were successes or failures. For that reason it is not a guaranteed success, however, looking at the massive limitations and problems with our current system, it is reasonable to maintain optimism about the ability of self-driving cars to bring about dramatic improvements to our lives. 