I marvel at the ingenuity of our scientists and engineers in bringing us self-driven vehicles. 
	Furthermore, I am a free spirit who cherishes her independence, including the freedom to go where she pleases when she pleases, without having to rely on other people, their schedules, their preferences and especially their notions about what I, as a woman of a certain age, should or should not be doing. All this makes me deeply empathetic toward seniors and the disabled who may not be able to drive, and for their sake, I can appreciate the value of a self-driven vehicle. 
	Moreover, since self-driven cars are likely to be electric, they could mean the end of our reliance on fossil fuels,  something doubtless to be desired by all of us who worry about the future of our polluted planet. 
	And yet, I find that something deeper, less rational, but nonetheless ineluctable, keeps me from endorsing self-driven cars, at least for the present. 
	We seem happy to cede increasing portions of our lives to computers. Where computers are absolutely better than us, e.g. in the analysis of large quantities of crucial data, say health-related  data, there can be no quarrel with their exclusive use. But I fear we may be in danger of losing too many of our everyday skills to them. Driving is a case in point. 
	You may ask what is so valuable about this skill. And I grant that for many, driving is routine, perhaps even tedious. Even so, there is a whole parcel of skills that are ancillary to driving per se. I mean the ability to be attentive and alert in a dynamic situation, the ability to be with others and jointly negotiate traffic so that all who use the streets, including cyclists and pedestrians, are safe and minimally inconvenienced. In our increasingly atomized world, these are not skills and capacities we can afford to lose. More is at stake than we might imagine. 
          Some claim that self-driven cars would obviate the need for public transportation, seeing this as something to recommend them. I disagree. Apart from the jobs lost, which I think most would see as a negative, there is the potential loss of public space, which after all, is what a bus, a subway car, or a train is. Like cities, where they are most in demand, forms of public transportation make for chance encounters with others whom we may otherwise never encounter. Cities, especially the larger ones, are rich in human variety, and one way to ensure that we limit our contact with this enriching variety is to sequester us in our individual self-driven vehicles. Sequestration of a sort is already far advanced. Most of us walk around mesmerized by screens and tuned in to our own individual soundscapes delivered via headphone. At home, this pattern of behavior continues, sadly. We are losing the ability to be with each other, whether that means having rich and complex and spontaneous interactions or simply occupying the same space, something that is not as mindless and mundane and trivial as it might appear, as psychologists and neuroscientists are beginning to understand. Self-driven cars, by eliminating the need for public transportation will only deepen this social atomization.
          The advocates of autonomous vehicles claim that eliminating public transportation cuts infrastructure costs, and they might even say, it would make for greener environs. But it is not clear whether the rise in the number of autonomous vehicles will not require comparable infrastructure, as the majority must drive such vehicles if they are to be a feasible option in the first place.
         And speaking of majorities, we are brought face to face with another problem: cost. It will surely be a while before self-driven cars are within the means of the majority. And assuming that they could become a viable proposition before the majority of the population owns them, they would in the interim be status symbols, affordable only by the wealthy.  Our already deeply divided society can do without such obvious markers of status differentials.
	And then, there is the question of safety. We all know that computer algorithms are not infallible, that programs can be infected with viruses, that hardware can malfunction, that computers are at the mercy of hackers. A human driver has a repertoire of skills to call upon in the event of unforeseen situations: an accident, bad weather, a terrorist attack. As far as I am aware, computer algorithms that function in very dynamic situations without human intervention are not that plentiful. What then would a rider do, especially if they are not tech savvy, in a complex and fluid situation? 
	You may argue that we are daily rendered helpless by such things as drunk or inattentive motorists, with dire consequences that are clear from the statistics about accidents. I cannot disagree. And yet, I find I must stand my ground. 
	I ask you to imagine a situation where your self-driving car cannot adapt in time, something as simple as a failure of traffic signals or a sudden thunderstorm, never mind a hacked program or a spectacular terrorist attack. Nor can the cars of anyone else. And you're all headed for disaster with no recourse. Rendered utterly passive where once you might have attempted some solution, no matter its efficacy. 
	It is this removal of human agency, individual and collective,  that I worry about. This helplessness that is not natural human vulnerability but rather thralldom to machines. Unlike human vulnerability, which can breed virtues like compassion and pity, this thralldom is not generative, it is lifeless in the way of an inorganic thing. 
	I do not wish to be thus reduced. 