Self-driving cars might still sound like something from a sci-fi story, but these automobiles are finding their way onto the road more and more. Companies such as Google are constantly testing out new self-driving technologies in an effort to decrease human error on the road and increase transportation efficiency. As with every technological advancement, though, the implementation of this research brings into question both the possible advantages and disadvantages of self-driving cars. 
According to the article “Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated With Self-Driving Cars” from the Auto Insurance Center, there are a plethora of arguable points from both sides of the spectrum. The main argument the “pro” side presents is that self-driving cars will decrease the amount of human-related driving errors on the road while increasing the efficiency of transportation. The "con" side of the argument makes the main point that technology always has the potential to fail and may not be as safe as it seems.
If we can even marginally decrease the occurrence of human-related driving errors, though, we are taking a step in the right direction. I support a world with self-driving cars because they also provide motorists and pedestrians with so many benefits. This technology enables drivers to have more freedom while traveling, whether the driver has a disability or is temporarily under the influence. This could result in a higher quality of life for everyone using self-driving transportation. 
Self-driving cars also have the potential to save lives. They rectify the lingering issue of drunk or drug-influenced drivers who should not be operating normal motor vehicles. These advanced cars would also decrease distracted or tired drivers on the road. This article cites the CDC and points out that “fatalities from traffic accidents happen on an annual basis upwards of 33,000 people.” The impaired drivers mentioned previously contribute to this statistic. When unsafe drivers are taken out of the driver’s seat, the overall safety of people everywhere increases.
Some may make the argument that self-driving cars present people with an entirely new set of lessons to learn, but they're not entirely correct. The article describes how most drivers have already adjusted to self-driving aspects such as “autonomous braking, self-parking, or sensors that clue a driver in to a nearby obstacle.” As the article points out, even though drivers have a "heightened sense of awareness" when they first hit the road, they become too complacent and confident in the driving ability. That's when mistakes and accidents happen. Technology does not become complacent -- we always have the ability to change and improve it. 
The “con” side delves into how self-driving cars require drivers to give up a bit of autonomy and rely on technology. As previously discussed, technology will always have the potential to fail, and this could happen by way of short-circuiting, hacking or even human interference. A normal car, like what we are used to, can also fail, so that argument doesn’t quite stand on solid ground. The more we learn about what makes the best self-driving car, though, the safer and less likely to fail we can make the cars. 
Another argument from the opposition is that this is a technology most Americans can't afford. This is the same argument people made about computers and television sets when they first came out. Now, practically every household has (at least) one. While the self-driving cars may be expensive now, the more research we put into cost-effective production, the more we will be able to saturate the entire United States market. 
I understand why so many are hesitant to commit entirely to a world where cars “think” for themselves, but the benefits greatly outweigh the negatives. Self-driving cars represent exactly what technology strives for, and that is innovation. Technology innovates for the sake of generating a higher quality of life and bringing efficiency to everyday tasks. Self-driving cars allow people to stress less about the difficulties and potential consequences of commuting. When a passenger is no longer on high alert for internal or external driving mistakes, he or she has the ability to reflect on any other issues at hand -- like inventing the next driving innovation.
