	Do you remember childhood car rides spent gazing out the window, reading, and sleeping? Those experiences were always thought of as the "good old days", but they can become a reality once again. Self-driving cars are the next creation for the future. Pioneered by Google, self driving cars have been created to allow for a safer and more enjoyable transportation experience. However, there are numerous areas for potential problems that could make these cars less efficient and ultimately more dangerous on the road. It is important to explore both sides of this creation, but despite the positive aspects, it is clear that self-driving cars will not benefit society as much as they are projected to. Throughout this essay the benefits, drawbacks, and overall conclusion regarding self-driving cars, will be discussed. 
	Distractions, multitasking, under-influence, and texting. These are all situations that drivers may experience; and it is these situations that society has come to fear due to the massive amount of accidents caused by them. Regular cars have been crafted to respond to the commands of humans, and thus they hold no independent control. A machine that is highly specialized to focus on just the road and surrounding vehicles would certainly take the human error out of driving. The issue of the inherent human inability to remain focused and in the correct mindset for driving, is where the benefits of self-driving cars emerge. Self-driving cars are computerized systems that operate with little human intervention, and therefore have the potential to significantly reduce the prospect of common accidents. They are also programmed with technology that would allow for communication and signaling to other cars. With that benefit in mind, there is the potential for travel times to be significantly reduced. A car set on one task will achieve its goal faster than one that is under the control of a human prone to distractions and varying driving speeds. When all cars are programmed to a certain speed and are able to rapidly communicate to each other, the overall speed on roads and highways can then be increased. Even more, there are beneficial long-term opportunities for society. Currently, a large part of the police force is tasked with regulating drivers and giving tickets to those who don’t comply. However, because the amount of irrational driving and human error would be reduced with the introduction of self driving cars, there will no longer be a need for the police spend time governing the roads. As a result, their skills can be better used to combat crime areas and sources of corruption that need more attention. The benefits of self-driving cars are both short and long term, and have the prospect of helping to create a better and safer environment for others. 
	While there is the potential for many positive outcomes of self-driving cars, there are also many drawbacks. One large problem associated with the cars, is that because the technology and effort placed into creating them is so intensive, they will be extremely expensive and the majority of the public would not be able to afford them. This means that if only a few self driving cars are on the road, they may present problems when surrounded by cars with drivers and less efficient systems. Also, in today’s society hacking and hackers are very prevalent. The prospect of hackers gaining access to the systems of self-driving cars can make driving extremely dangerous, potentially introducing another strategy of attack for terrorists and criminals. Even more, although the technology used to create this self-guided system is extremely advanced, it will still fall short of being able to replace the knowledge of human mind. Humans are accustomed to interpreting different situations and can recall past experiences to aid them in perceiving new circumstances and making decisions. Being able to recognize the infinite styles and forms of street signs, as well as being able to drive under different weather conditions, is something that a self driving car may be lacking the technology to handle correctly. 
	The positive aspects of self-driving cars are compelling, however, it is evident that until there are even further advances in technology, the cars are unfit for the road. There are counter arguments to all of the benefits mentioned in the initial paragraph. While it is said that self-driving cars take the human error out of driving, they cannot emulate the human understanding of the rules and regulations of the road in different areas and conditions. Human error is serious, however it is in the hand (literally) of the individual in control, while a machine is inaccessible to all if there is a malfunction, presenting an even costlier problem. Also, although the idea of travel time being reduced seems beneficial, given the price of the cars, it is unlikely that there will be enough without human control to be able implement these new possibilities. Another seemingly positive aspect of self-driving cars would be that they eliminate the need for a police force. However, when self-driving cars malfunction, the legal issues will become more complicated. Making one of the cars requires the effort of many companies and individuals, so if (and when) a problem occurs, it will hard to trace it back to the cause and individuals responsible. 
	To go back to the "good old days" of enjoying car rides and not thinking about the dangers of the road would be very satisfying. However, placing hope in a machine to keep us safe and free of problems is not something that can be considered in this current moment. Self-driving cars have the potential to be very efficient and safe, however they also introduce many potential problems, overall making them a machine that detracts from the current conditions within society. Humans have been driving in cars for years now, I’m not sure we are ready to place all of our trust into one machine in its infancy. 