	Technology in the automotive sector is developing rapidly. A popular area is the idea of having self-driving cars. In short, these self-driving cars will use many sensors to detect the environment that it is in. Then it will use the information gathered to navigate passengers to their destination without the need for human interaction. One of the main reasons behind the idea of self-driving cars is the fact that these cars will help to decrease automotive accidents. The Center for Disease Control says that accidents involving distracted driving happen to 33,000 people annually, and many of these accidents could have been prevented. On the other hand, the costs of having self-driving cars are significantly higher than the benefits. At the moment, engineering, computer requirements, software, and sensors add up to more than $100,000. This cost is way out of budget for many Americans. Self-driving cars would not be a better alternative to human-driving cars because the cars do not account for glitches in the system, and they are not equipped to operate in bad weather positions. 
	Although self-driving cars are talked about vastly, many people fail to realize the safety issues that would go along with the car. This car may reduce the risks of accidents however, it does not eliminate them altogether. What if you are in a situation where the computer system begins to glitch? This could put a driver in an even dangerous situation than when he or she would be driving themselves. As we all know, the GPS system is not always reliable. How will this self-driving car know when to turn around or will it continue to go deeper and deeper into an area that may not even be safe?
	In addition to that, the self-driving cars are not equipped to operate in bad weather conditions. The bad weather messes with the sensors. In actuality, the passenger will probably have to drive their self. If I am paying a load of money for a car to drive me, it should be able to operate in all weather conditions. When weather gets bad, traffic lights tend to go out so cops typically navigate traffic. According to the article, the cars cannot detect human signals. Then the problem becomes "Who is at fault?". Is it the car's fault for not being able to detect signals or is it the owner's fault for not taking control of the car?
	To conclude, self-driving cars are not a great alternative when being compared to human drivers. They are dangerous and unreliable. I would propose the solution of not implementing self-driving cars. You will see a decrease in drunk driving accidents. On the other hand, glitches in the system will cause a rise in system-related accidents. Also, security is a big issue with the system in self-driving cars. Electronic systems in cars have very limited security precautions so anyone could hack your system. The solution to this problem is to stick with human drivers. We have survived thus far with human drivers so I think we'll continue to manage. 