	The day someone learns how to drive is a turning point in their lives and the lives of their family members. The new driver has a freshly established sense of independence and their family members no longer have to carpool them to wherever they need to go. However, with this privilege, comes a lot of responsibility and potential danger. For this reason, and several others, Google's self-driving cars are starting to make an appearance. Self-driving motorists are claimed to be the “ideal motorists” who are more courteous than normal driver, do not get distracted the way current drivers do and are programmed to react immediately to cars in close proximity. Do they truly make roads safer, or is this a fad that will soon be out of style? Due to the education required to operate a self-driving car, the necessary compliance among a majority of Americans to see the cars' positive effects, and  relinquishing the power that human emotion and decision-making have, self-driving cars would serve as more of a problem than a solution. 
	Between logging the required hours as a student-driver and ultimately passing the driving test, the process of becoming a legal driver can be long and grueling. Requiring even more training for individuals to operate a self-driving car may be intriguing for some, but unrealistic for most. At the same time, while the younger generations are becoming more tech-savvy, older adults and elders can struggle with operating technology. How are those who are confused on how to use an iPhone or computer expected to fully comprehend and operate a self-driving car? Likewise, if a person is still responsible for safely operating a self-driving car, then that defeats the purpose of self-driving cars allowing the passengers to direct their attention elsewhere when in a car. The idea that a majority of America’s drivers would take the time to learn how to work a self-driving car, and be able to do it successfully, nonetheless, is impractical. 
	In a perfect world, if every American with a car owned and effectively drove a self-driving car, the roads would likely be safer, traffic would be decreased, and police officers could spend their time focusing on more pressing issues other than enforcing speed limits. However, too many people have little interest in self-driving cars, due to their price, required training, or lack of significant need, to make these optimistic ideas a reality. In fact, implementing this technology in cars can cost the consumer up to $100,000 -- a price that is out of many Americans' budgets. Subsequently, if only some of Americans were willing to make the transition to having a self-driving car, having a mix of both regular cars and self-driving cars sharing the road could end up being chaotic and problematic. 
	While robots and technology can sometimes be proven to be smarter than the human mind, the one thing they lack is human emotion and rational thinking. In driving, both of these play a major role. Whether a person decides they want to change the route to their destination or has to react instantaneously to something on the road, among other situations, drivers are constantly putting a lot of thought into driving. Specifically, self-driving cars do not know how to respond to situations that veer from the typical driving environment. For instance, if a traffic light was broken and a police officer was directly traffic, a self-driving car does not know how to interpret the police officer's hand signals. In addition, these cars are not proficient in inclement weather. Therefore, being in these fairly common situations would put everyone in the car and in the intersection in danger. Giving a robotic-run car essentially full control, especially when it is expected to keep everyone in and around the car safe, is taking a leap of faith – one that may be too risky to take. Although there is most certainly a need for safer roads and more focused driving, the training, compliance and lack of human input allowed with self-driving cars makes it unlikely that they will be the future of the American roads. 