The growth of technology and its implementation has been at its panache in the 21st century. Automation and artificial intelligence are the new buzzwords and implementation effort has been reduced drastically due to availability of high computing resources. Automobile industry too has been part of this automation wave and self driving cars is an example of the same. Driving in itself has been a passion for some, mundane task for others and extremely difficult for few. Recent improvements in road infrastructure has reduced the overall effort required in driving and self-driving cars can further eliminate this. Reduction in overall effort, more automation and safety can directly translate into more productivity and efficiency. Though we can see huge advantages of such automation, I do not strongly agree with the implementation of self-driving vehicles as we still need to address some important concerns and achieve perfection before we all are on the same page.
	Better global economy, more international trade and cheap manufacturing labor lead to a boom in automobile industry. Developing countries where car was still considered a luxury 20 years ago is now an easy commodity to own. However, being born and raised in foothills of the great Himalayas, we never had the luxury of best of the infrastructure. Deadly Himalayan curves required a lot of concentration in driving, and it was always a challenge to drive in remote areas with uneven terrain and bad weather conditions. Self-driving cars have been tested and performed exceptionally well in the United States, the superpower known for its infrastructure and safety vehicles which are also linked as a symbol of personal freedom. One major concern is that developed countries like the United States cannot be the ultimate testing ground for self-driving cars and we should consider tougher conditions even if we would only like to implement these vehicles in cities with good infrastructure. Success of self-driving cars currently relies on accurate mapping systems through GPS and such satellite service is still prone to errors and not available every at every remote location. GPS are also not very reliable to extreme weather conditions and can be a major hurdle in providing accuracy to self-driving cars. Mathematics and algorithms which are the backbone of this automation can still not achieve 100% accuracy and that can lead to major concerns in unwanted scenarios. 
	Self-driving cars still need humans behind the wheel who are capable to operate sophisticated technology. Many individuals are still reluctant to use technology and specially true for many people in their middle and old age. Such nervousness to operate technology and hesitance to give control to a machine can lead to malfunction that can put the driver into more dangerous and complex situation than before. Even if we do achieve the scientific perfection, the cost involved in such implementation on large scale is still tremendous and somewhat financially not feasible. Overall cost involved in implementation, building perfect road infrastructure and training individuals surpass the expected utility of the complete program. 
	Reduction in overall accidents, for which self-driving cars have been praised has been somewhat skeptical in recent times. We have seen many cases where self-driving cars have been part of accidents and they do not completely eliminate the problem. A simple malfunction in the machine can be the reason for a major accident and it can be somewhat difficult for the human operator behind the wheel (less of a driver) to understand this and can be unavoidable due to lack of manual control. Tough terrains, like mountains, where the driver has to showcase full concentration at every curve can turn out to be deadly for self-driving cars in case of such malfunction. 
	The research idea behind implementation of self-driving cars is amazing, but is still at nascent stage and requires more research and development before it can be actually implemented as a real world solution. Multiple constraints like civil infrastructure, GPS availability, weather conditions, finances, and costs are still linked with the idea of implementation and we need to address each constraint individually. Overall it  is much easier to successfully implement such technology in developed nations and in constrained environment but not yet feasible all around the globe. 