       The self-driving car article actually reminded me of the cartoon Transformer. This cartoon is exceptionally meaningful to me because it was the first time I felt that my way of thinking has been expanded to another dimension. I haven't watched that cartoon after fourth grade, but there was one scene I remembered particularly clear. It is when the protagonist sitting on the driving seat of one of the transformed car, he took his hand off the wheel and said "look, I don't need my hands to drive the car." I remembered this sentence so clear because that is the first time I saw a person drive car without actually control the car. Though I knew it is actually the transformer "driving" the car himself, this idea was still very bold and seems impossible at that time. And now, only ten years later,people have actually invented cars that no longer need human anymore.
	There are clear benefits that encourage people to own a self-driving car. Self-driving cars are convenient, friendly and safe. Workaholics have extra hours to work in cars on the route to office and sleepers have extra hours to sleep while computers could take care of everything, including eliminating potential traffic safety problems like fatigue, over-speed, keeping distance with front cars, and even distance parking. Since, according to the article, drivers are the primary causes in most traffic accidents, there should be less accidents on the road if adopting self-driving cars. Also, people who have been advised (due to physical or mental disability) not to drive will regain the right to go where-ever they want to by driving. 
	However, the disadvantages of  self-driving car are as obvious as the benefits. Adopting self-driving cars could at the same time create legal issues, marketing problems, and long-term safety concerns. Each one of these concerns could alone drag the society into chaos. The number of supporters and opponents of this invention will be roughly the same. And try to think what is going to be like when half of people are driving on their own and the other half of them have no idea about what happen outside the car window. Also, the article mentioned that the self-driving car will be heavily rely on GPS. Seriously, how many times have GPS directed us into a one-way road? Don't people not learn enough?
	Personally, I am against the idea of putting self-driving cars into the market for public. As mentioned above, I claimed that self-driving cars will create safety, legal, and market problems. I will quickly elaborate these problems here. First of all, all computers systems sometimes crash for no reasons. We hate it, but there’s only so much damage that a laptop could do. But, what if the auto-driving system crash at the middle of the driving, what should the driver do? Will the car automatically stopped? Are drivers able to take the control immediately? Also, though all new drivers are nervous in the first few years, most of them get better eventually as they gain experience. But, with a self-driving car, there’s no need for drivers to practice driving skills.So, if danger arise, are these drivers qualified enough to handle the situation? No one could guarantee for that. 
       Secondly, all sorts of legal problems will arise. Here, I have one question for you to feel the pressure: if an accident does happen, who should take the responsibility, the engineers, the drivers, or the car company? What’s more, adopting self-driving cars create marketing chaos. Oil corporations, license school, police-officers, taxi drivers and etc. will hate this technology. On the other hand, the self- driving car companies, your lawyers and Google (they provide GPS) will love this idea to death. More grudges among groups could be foreseen. Big corporations stick together and attack one another. Financial wars begun, money evaporates, and hate will be deepen. It could relate to every existing societal problems and make them worse. In the end, we citizens are the ones who suffer all the bitterness. 