Self-driving cars are beginning to become a popular subject in the world today. They represent the newest innovations to technology as we know it. While self-driving cars may seem exciting, it is important to look at both the costs and benefits of this type of novel technology. The article "Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated with Self-Driving Cars" addresses the pros and cons of self-driving cars. Self-driving cars help avoid driver error on the road and allow people to travel in comfort. Many vehicle accidents today have a lot to do with the driver not being focused and alert on the road, so self-driving cars would make it so that the driver does not need to focus as much on the road. Drunk and drugged accidents would never occur with the use of self-driving cars. They would allow people to be able to sleep or rest during long-distance journeys. However, they can also be dangerous because any sort of technology has the possibility of malfunctioning. That being said, a driver would most likely still have to be present to operate and monitor the car. Also, it would cost a fortune to make these cars, as they would need special and expensive parts - making it a not affordable option for the working- and under-class.
I am personally against self-driving cars, and realistically, I believe they do not benefit society. They can also be dangerous because any kind of technology comes with the risk and possibility of malfunctioning or glitching. That being said, a driver may most likely have to be present to operate and monitor the car. Also, it would cost a fortune to make these cars, as they would need special and expensive parts. As mentioned earlier, self-driving cars would be expensive to make, but would also most likely be out of the price range of many everyday people. Affordability for the rising middle class would be a big issue. Many truck drivers, bus/taxi drivers, and other forms of public transportation would slowly decrease, thus resulting in the loss of jobs for many.  If there was an accident caused by a self-driving car, who would take the blame: the “driver” or the software system or the car manufacturer? As the article states, “there's no legal precedent for how a case would be handled.” There may also be problems with self-driving cars functioning in specific types of weather. Weather patterns of heavy rain or snow could interfere with sensors in the car and distort the car’s perception. The car may not be able to understand certain road signs. Many states have specific road signs and laws that the software may not be able to identify and respond to. “A good example is the difference between states regarding turning right on red. The computers could have difficulty identifying the different local and state rules with regard to the road.” 
In conclusion, self-driving cars are not beneficial to society. As stated earlier, self-driving cars would only increase the risk of accidents, increase the unemployment rate, and potentially confuse and complicate things on the road. It is better to prevent all of this from occurring by not allowing self-driving cars. Of course, this is only my opinion. Others will have their own say regarding self-driving cars, and whether or not they are the best option. But as a potential consumer of this technology, it is important to do full research in order to make an informed opinion. Weigh the positives and the negatives and see if self-driving cars are the best decision for you. 