	This article on self driving cars was interesting because it introduced arguments that I hadn't considered before. Obviously, self driving cars would help decrease the number of accidents that are caused purely by human error. However, now we face the uncharted territory of vehicular accidents caused by mechanical error. Automobile accidents cause thousands of premature deaths every year in our country.  From distracted driving to driving under the influence, public health officials lead several efforts to encourage safe driving in attempt to decrease accidents.  However, with the development of new technology, some wonder if the use of self driving cars would aid in the decrease of automobile accidents.  When reading the article, I was able to empathize with both sides of the argument.
	One of the arguments in favor of self driving cars would be that they can help decrease the number of accidents caused by intoxicated drivers. There are many heart breaking stories of death or serious injury resulting from persons under the influence getting behind the wheel. The development, popularity and affordability of Uber and Lyft has made getting around easier.  They are widely used by people that have been out drinking and are not able to drive home.  However, we still have the problem of intoxicated driving in our country.  The article believes that the development of self driving cars would help decrease the number of accidents caused by drunk drivers.  I can agree with this prediction.  Even though Uber and Lyft are usually reasonably priced, there may be people that are confident in their driving abilities and do not want to pay someone else to drive them.  Potentially, self driving cars would enable these people to get home safer because they would not be responsible for operating the vehicle.  In a perfect world, I believe that self driving cars could be a great solution to decreasing the number of automobile accidents in our country.  However, there is a lot of work that needs to happen before we praise the use of self driving cars. 
	I feel that the most complicated issue in regards to self driving cars was the issue of who to blame when can accident inevitably occurs. If a child runs out in front of a car and the car cannot detect it quickly enough and does not stop, who is at fault? I believe that many people would wonder if the accident could have been prevented if a human was behind the wheel. Would they have been able see the child out of their periphery and anticipate the child might run towards the road? Perhaps the accident could have been prevented. To add to this predicament, there will be people attempting to blame to manufacturer for visibility issues. Others may argue that the driver should have been paying attention to the road, even if they own a self driving car. I believe that there would need to be concrete rules about how active of a role the driver needs to play. Should the driver still be 100% focused on the road? This would be the optimal scenario for increasing safety because the human and the car would essentially be working together.  However, if this is the case, then it would negate the positive discussed in the preceding paragraph because drunk drivers would still not be allowed to operate the vehicle.
	From reading this article, I would have to say that, while self driving cars come with benefits,  I do not think we should work on replacing humans drivers entirely. I think that if the purpose is to make driving safer and minimize accidents, then drivers should also be 100% attentive to the road. Driving and traffic conditions are too complicated to leave to just a robot. There  are many last minute decisions that humans need to make that can save lives. A self driving car could provide too much comfort to drivers and perhaps lead to them being less cautious. A false sense of safety behind the wheel is extremely dangerous. I think that even with self driving cars, drivers should be held responsible for any accidents (unless there is a true manufacturing error that causes the accident) because I believe that the responsibility still falls on the human to operate the vehicle safely. I believe that the introduction of self driving cars would lead to confusion and frustration before it leads to the positive changes we want to observe.  Therefore, we should proceed cautiously while we continue to collect research and develop training methodologies for proper vehicle operations.  