	Trey Anastasio once said, "things don't go on forever, and the quicker you accept that change is inevitable, the happier you're going to be". Since the dawn of the industrial revolution, life has changed dramatically. We've seen differences brought about in the way that we get around, from using horse and buggies to cars, changes in the way we communicate with one another, radios being replaced by televisions and telegraphs paving the way for computers small enough to fit in your pocket. As technology has developed over time, we have integrated it more and more into our daily lives, and that technology has in-turn brought us ease, entertainment, and safety. 
	Humans are by nature prone to error and getting behind the wheel is no exception to that convention. Eighty-one percent of motor vehicle accidents today are a result of human error. Whether they are distracted due to their environment (other passengers in the car, looking for something, a large volume of cars on the road), their emotions (road rage, anxiety), or their physiology (tired, under the influence of alcohol/drugs), they often do not put the amount of attention into driving that a self driving car can. Allowing the well-tested software to do the driving instead increases the safety of the roads. In the case of safer roads, police would be able to shift their attention from speeding tickets to larger issues, like crime and neighborhood safety. Whether on the road or off, self driving cars allow for an increase in safety in daily life. 
	According to Newsroom, the average American spends 17,600 minutes a year behind the wheel. When converted from minutes to hours, and hours to days, that number equates to a little over 12 days each year. Now imagine being able to reclaim that time, being able to reclaim the attention once wasted operating a vehicle and allotting it to something more meaningful. This could be reading the newspaper or a new book, talking to friends or family, eating a meal that maybe was missed, anything that can be done sitting on a couch at home. As the quantity of self driving cars on the road increases, so does the safety of highways and roads that typically become congested at peak driving times. This increase in safety could eventually lead to increased speed limits, decreasing the time spent commuting to and from work. Self driving cars give you your time back. 
	There are arguments against the implementation of self driving cars which are concerned with the reduction of business for personal injury lawyers and the gas industry. And yes those are people's jobs, but the success of those vocations is contingent upon destruction--whether that be a person becoming injured or the planet succumbing to global warming and pollution. The implementation of self driving cars increase the safety and fuel efficiency of cars, working to reduce the destruction which the above mentioned industries support themselves with. 
	Self driving cars are a large change for the average person, but change is not always unfavorable. Handing over whatever semblance of control one has while driving to a car which would utilize software to drive itself can bring about trepidation, but when accounting for the increase in both safety and time, it can begin to look like the exceptional revolution that it is. 