	With the advent of self driving car technology, as with any new invention, people debate its positives and its negatives. In my personal opinion, I believe self driving cars are an overall positive invention, and that most of the cons that are prevalent are growing pains that any new technology has and will be solved fairly soon. 
	Most accidents are caused by human error, around 81 percent to be exact. With there being around 33,000 fatalities on the road every year, that's about 27,000 lives being saved due to this technology essentially ending all driving errors on the part of the driver. Most accidents occur due to distracted or impaired driving. It is impossible for a computer to take its eyes off the road and, thankfully, it cannot get drunk either. This decrease in overall accidents on the road gives police more time to focus on other situations. Passengers also receive more time for themselves since they do not have to drive the car, and  the network of cars on the road can work together to relay traffic information, which would decrease congestion and would allow them to get to their location faster. This saved time can lead to an very productive society where everyone can do more and get around more quickly. 
	As with all new inventions, skeptics have been vocal about the negatives of self driving car technology; however, most of these supposed downfalls can be solved with more testing and support. They say that self driving cars can be hacked and that they are not as effective in violent weather, but these problems can be solved with time. No new technology comes out flawless, and even products that have existed way before self driving cars are still being updated, so these complaints should not be an issue. Another problem people bring up is cost, as it is expensive for someone to buy one as of today. As time goes on, the cost would go down as with any new product due to advancements and scaling of the industry. Even still, if the price is still to high, since the cars can drive and park themselves, there could be the advent of an Uber or Lyft type service where individuals can have these cars pick them up and take them wherever they need to go, which could eliminate even the need to own a car. A final point that skeptics bring up is that it will hurt many industries, such as the gasoline and the driving instructor industry. With this point I ask, should we not have invented cars as to keep horseshoe makers in business? Of course not, as we should focus on the good for the many rather than just focusing on the needs of a select few individuals. 
	Overall, self driving cars should be considered an positive step for the advancement of society. Most of the problems with them will be solved over time, and the pros for the its implementation way outweigh the cons. I think the skeptics will see understand this soon, and self driving cars will become just another positive part of living in the modern era.