	Society is constantly growing and adapting in regards to its' technology. Products that are becoming available to the public nowadays would have been completely unfathomable years prior. One futuristic concept being tested now is the idea of self-driving cars. This technology is appealing to society for numerous reasons: accessibility, perceived reduction in accidents, predicted traffic efficiency, etc. On the contrary, there are also many cons to implicating self-driving cars: cost, mechanical malfunctions, future driving incompetence, and the future lack of necessity for many jobs involved in physical driving. Despite the good that can come out of self-driving cars, ultimately, the cons of self-driving cars outweighs the benefits it could potentially have for society. 
	According to the article, supporters argue that two of the numerous desires for self-driving cars stems from the belief that it will greatly reduce accidents on the roads and be more accessible for various drivers. At first glance this seems very plausible. The vehicle cannot become "distracted", "fatigued," or drive "under the influence of alcohol" much like drivers can, and disabled drivers can reap the benefits including new found freedom and enhanced mobility; however, this is not an accurate prediction of the cars. There are so many factors that need to be perfect for this to be the case. The passenger still needs knowledge of how to operate the mechanics of the car in order to avoid accidents, and with human error being a possibility, there is already a flaw in being accident free. This also cancels out the idea that it is completely accessible for all types of people because they still need a fair share of abilities to operate the car. A drunk individual still may not have the capacity to properly operate the car. These immediate stipulations already rebut two of the most popular advantage claims for self-driving cards: they are not completely accessible to everyone, and there is still a risk of an accident. Other things that disprove these theories are that in bad weather situations this can complicate the car's laser sensor on the top; therefore, this means the passenger must be ready in case this malfunctions, so accidents driven by human error can occur. Again, someone with a disability hindering their alertness may not be able to properly take over this role. Cars can also not be fully programmed with every single possible local driving law, road hazard, and construction rerouting. In fact, GPS programs are not always accurate nowadays, but manual driving can correct for this in the case of misinformation; if a car doesn't have this information it can lead to accidents. Due to these dilemmas, there is absolutely no way to ensure that self-driving cars can drastically change accidents nor can they be accessible to all types of people. The cars would also complicate legal trials for when accidents do, and inevitably will occur. Who is at fault? The car? The manufacturer? The passenger? 
	Self-driving cars also cause more harm than good in regards to the enrichment of the public. For one, most of the general public will not be able to even afford this. As of now, the costs for engineering, power, and everything else are estimated to more than $100,000. Even if an individual can afford to purchase the car they may still refrain from doing so. Many people like driving and might not switch to self-driving cars just because of this enjoyment. Also, a lot of people are just plain skeptical about the whole idea. Some people may not like all of the personal data these cars would have to obtain, and many affluent companies (i.e. the Guardian and NHTSA) publicly display their concern of hackers and overall skepticism of the technology; this is definitely going to sway the public opinion on purchasing self-driving cars. To even reap the slight benefits/savings in regards to time, life, and cost of the self driving car, it must be implemented in a large quantity of society; this does not seem practical. Also, even if they are implemented, this means that a lot of otherwise important occupations will no longer be needed: auto manufacturers, drivers ed companies, personal injury lawyers, and the gasoline industries would struggle with finding work. Many people could get laid off due to the lack of need, and thus a negative impact on the unemployment rate and economy would be seen. The last thing needed is technology that will negatively impact the structure of the currently functioning society. 
	Technology is a great advantage in modern day society, but only when applied where it is truly needed. Would you want to live in a world that eventually has lost the ability to operate a car? A society so reliant on technology that a glitch or recall could and most likely would cause immobility due to their reliance on self-driven cars? A society so attached to an innovation that led to the destruction of many jobs for working Americans? Why deal with all of these possibilities when the task of manually driving a car would eliminate so many economic, moral, and safety dilemmas? 