	The article "Top 20 Pros and Cons Associated With Self-Driving Cars", provides an in depth look into the reasoning of whether or not we, as a society, should adopt self-driving vehicles. Of the 20 "pros" listed, an increase in safety was the leading benefit, but also included was the reduction in time in commuting and in city travel, the possibility for the driver to do something productive in the time that would otherwise be used for driving, and the idea that elderly or disabled people would be able to ride self-driving cars whereas before they were restricted to public transportation or others driving them. However, in contrast to the advantages listed in the article, the author also offered 20 disadvantages. Many of these focused on the training involved in learning how to operate the vehicle, the high initial cost and maintenance cost, security issues (both personal and in terms of cybersecurity), legal ramifications, the fact that a self-driving vehicle will not be able to appropriately respond to all situations and other technical hangups,and the financial implications caused by uprooting an old industry. 
	Given this article and other available literature and research focused on self-driving vehicles, even with the list of "cons" presented, I truly believe a gradual implementation into our society would be quite beneficial. When weighing the "pros" and "cons" in order to gauge whether adopting self-driving cars would be beneficial to society, it is important to look at the whole picture. Upon review, the "pros" appear to be valid both currently and moving forward, while many of the "cons" can be addressed as the self-driving vehicles further develop. For example, the high initial cost is cited as a reason against adopting these vehicles. However, what isn't taken into consideration in this case is the fact that new technologies typically drastically drop in price over a short amount of time. We often hear the story of the first computers being the size of an entire room and costing hundreds of thousands of dollars at the time. However, in a few tens of years the price of those computers came down enough that many families could afford them. I believe a similar situation could occur with the sensor and computer package required in self-driving vehicles. As a second example, cybersecurity, which  has increasingly become an issue essentially all technology manufacturers of computer based products have to deal with, appears as a "con". However, several very critical computer based pieces of technology are operated and they have been largely protected against cybersecurity attacks. Take for example remote controlled drones currently in use by the military. The risk of a cyber attack is definitely present, but the designers have found a way to adequately protect the devices. Something similar could be done for self-driving vehicles. Although several more examples depicting how the present "cons" seen in self-driving vehicle adoption can and most likely will be erased in the future are present, it is unnecessary seeing that they are quite similar. 
	However, what is important to notice is that none of the "pros" seem as if they will be changing, even as the vehicles themselves improve. Therefore, from my viewpoint, integrating self-driving cars into society should make driving safer and will allow for lower commute times, better access for the elderly and disabled, and the opportunity for the driver to accomplish something else in the time that would otherwise be wasted by driving.  Although we can't ignore the fact that integrating these vehicles does carry some inherent risk presently, I believe these long term benefits outweigh the short term issues. 