I take the affirmative position on self-driving cars. I support their production and sale based off two reasons: I think that they are more safe and economically intelligent. I believe that self-driving cars are an improvement to our society. I examined one of the pros from the article stating that self-driving cars will eliminate distractions on the road. I chose the con, which in turn I believe supports my argument, that the aspects playing into the production of the self-driving cars can add up to more than $100,000 which based off the average income of an American, is expensive. However, I think that both these pros and cons help build my argument on why self-driving cars are beneficial to our society. 
	I think that they will not only keep the people inside the vehicle more safe, but also, other drivers and their passengers on the road as well. I think that distractions are the main cause of unsafe driving. For example, texting and driving. The evolution of texting started during my lifetime, became an issue on the road during my lifetime, and became illegal while driving during my lifetime. This seemed to me to be the quickest law procedure in history. Between the time when texting was born, to the time when it was banned on the road, was a very short time span. This is because it caused it was a huge distraction on the road and caused a lot of accidents. However, texting is just one of many distractions on the road. People are still allowed to talk on the phone, fiddle with their radio, mess with their GPS, yell at their kids, fix their makeup, talk to their passengers, and eat a Big Mac all while driving. There are still many distractions and the only way to eliminate this risk is to use a medium that cannot be distracted, a computer. 
	My other standpoint is that self-driving cars are economically intelligent. The production of this technology, would create jobs. First we would need the engineers, the programmers, the physical creators and then we would need the advertisers, the marketers, and sellers, and so on. Historically, every time a new technology is created, more jobs open up. To counteract the con that I pulled from the article, yes, the cars will be expensive, but that is because whenever a new technology first comes out, it always starts out expensive but is then decreases to a more affordable range. Think of iPhones for example, they started as a new technology, marketed to an unreasonable crowd, and now, everyone has them. This shows the common cycle of technology and how no matter what, it will be helpful in the end. 
	All in all, self-driving cars will eliminate distractions, making the roads safer and the rate of accidents lower, as well as enhance our economy. 