	As technology continues to progress at a rapid pace innovators have begun to explore the possibility of self-driving cars. A society with self-driving cars sounds like a child's response to the question "What does the future look like". Self-driving cars evoke fantastical thoughts of what a futuristic Utopian society looks like. However, self-driving cars are no longer a fantasy idea, and the impact that these vehicles may have on society is immense. To many in society, the term "self-driving cars" is synonymous with complete leisure . With a self-driving car there is no need to be stressed driving or road rage because something else is in charge of the wheel. There are notions that self-driving cars could help to limit accidents due to the fact that they take away the human error of driving. While somewhat naive, it is generally thought that these cars will be programmed to easily avoid accidents and obey all traffic laws. However, this is a very idealistic way of examining the situation. Self-driving cars still hold their fair share of negative consequences for society. While, on the surface, it may appear as though self-driving cars are eliminating the human error in driving they are simply replacing it with another opportunity for human error. There is still a strong possibility of human error in the actual programming of the vehicles. The algorithms could be miscalculated or the technology of the vehicle could be faulty, resulting in a similar high-risk potential to an average human driver. This, along with several other reasons, is why society would not benefit from the  continued push for the implementation of self-driving cars. 
	The risks of self-driving cars are currently too difficult to overcome when it comes to implementing them into society. One argument for self-driving cars is that they will not be distracted like human drivers can be since they will have an specific set of algorithms to follow while on the road. While it is true that human drivers face hundreds of distractions while driving they still have certain human reactions and instincts that cannot be replicated by a machine. One of the gravest misconceptions associated with these vehicles is that the decision-making aspects of a self-driving car is greater than that of an average human. However, this theory is ill-advised as a machine cannot recreate the enhanced and primal judgment of a human being. While those who produce these self-driving cars will attempt to ensure that their decision-making is on equal to a human being's, there is simply no way to completely and accurately replicate human instincts. Imagine, a scenario in which a self-driving car is cruising steadily down the road past a grocery store when suddenly a shopping cart comes directly into its path and it does not have enough time to stop. Algorithms would suggest that the car  swerve to avoid the shopping cart. But now imagine that there is a human being crossing the street parallel to the shopping cart. How will the self-driving car know that it would be better to brace the impact of the cart and hit that directly instead of the human. It is not clear that a self-driving car would posses the judgment and instincts to process that decision in a matter of milliseconds. On the other hand, a human would at least be capable of knowing making the conscious decision to avoid the human being. 
        A real-life example of how these self-driving cars may be unable to pick up on various signals outside of the vehicle is the incident that recently happened in the United States. A few months ago there was a self-driving car that struck a pedestrian at night. It was reported that the car did not recognize the pedestrian because they appeared out of a dark spot that the car's cameras did not pick up on. This lack of ability to pick up on stimuli and night show that these cars are not yet developed enough to be ushered into society. 
	In the age of cyber warfare it is also obvious that these self-driving cars pose a threat to possible hackers. The technology that is used in self-driving cars is susceptible to outside hackers who could interfere with the self-driving algorithms thus causing extremely dangerous conditions for drivers. Yes, there can be measures put in place to try and combat these hackers; however, there is no steadfast way to ensure the safety and security of this type of technology. It is terrifying to imagine the consequences that would result from self-driving cars being overrun by hackers and used in a form of cyber warfare. Motor vehicles are already viewed as possible weapons even when they are being controlled by innocent and responsible humans, but if these vehicles can easily be taken advantage of by outside hackers, who seek to cause harm, the risk would appear to be too great for society. 
	The costs of implementing self-driving cars into society would be extremely high and would not pose any direct benefits to society than what we already have. The amount of money that would go into developing these self-driving cars could go to several better causes and research opportunities. While it is true that we should invest in technological advancements, society needs to weigh the necessity of such inventions. A self-driving car is an expensive luxury that does not have a direct benefit on society as a whole. It is reported that the cost to implement such new technological advancements into self-driving cars is around $100,000. This is a significant amount of money that is going to a societal "want" rather than a societal "need". Self-driving cars are a futuristic luxury concept at best, and in the today's society there are much more noble and helpful causes that this money could go to. For instance, the money that would be spent on these self-driving cars could be better spent researching life threatening diseases and other issues that are a current threat to society. It has been reported that several medical research endeavors that have significant promise for the advancement of human health are being underfunded. The money that is being funneled into the development of self-driving cars is, in turn, taking funds away from possible medical advancements that could save millions of human lives. 
	While these are only a handful scenarios of thousands, it is clear that self-driving cars lack the human instinct and decision-making that no form of algorithm can replicate. Self-driving cars also lack a necessity in society and the luxury of these items is not worth the potential toll they could have on society. With several unknowns and the high risks associated self-driving cars it is prudent and safest to avoid implementing self-driving cars into society as their various potential negative outcomes seem to significantly outweigh the benefits that they would have on society. 