	As technology slowly begins to overtake human development and the economy starts to grow, the need for efficiency is inevitable. With this desire in mind, investors and developers are targeting everyday actions in hopes of eliminating menial tasks; this can be seen with the invention of robot vacuums and dishwashers in the past. Nowadays, these developers are focusing their attention onto cars. With cars being one of the most common modes of transportation in the United States, people use them nearly every day. With the introduction of self-driving cars, the time spent driving everyday can be used for productive tasks. The tasks that would once be a distraction to the driver would become their primary focus as the car handles all of the driving. However, with the evolution of technology, the potential dangers increase. Though self-driving cars would make society more efficient, they should not be allowed due to confounding factors which would make society more dangerous and susceptible to terrorist attacks.
	With the prominence of technology comes the rise of those who know how technology works and can therefore hijack it, creating an unsafe environment. The integration of self-driving cars would make society vulnerable to threats such as hackers who can recode the software. These hackers would wreak massive havoc upon the roads if they are able to gain access to the system. Not only would it present danger to the passengers, but it could also harm pedestrians. In addition to presenting physical harm to the people, the lack of safe transportation could stunt the economy since people can no longer travel to work.  Along with being able to control the cars, the hackers would be able to access the personal information of car owners such as social security number and credit card information. This could lead to identity theft and credit card fraud. The integration of self-driving cars does not eliminate the threat and danger of driving completely. Even though self-driving cars are able to communicate with other cars, the chances of an accident are not reduced to zero and accidents can still occur. This facet ties in with hackers as well. Hackers could reroute the cars' communication systems and cause an accident. In the case of accidents, it is difficult to shift the blame onto a single party. Not only is there still a chance of injury but there is also a chance of fraud and thievery. Though technology is meant to make life easier and more efficient, self-driving cars only add danger and confusion. 
	Technology is not perfect and can be delicate. There is always a chance for malfunctions and unexpected problems with the software that are beyond the scope of the programmer. In the case of inclement weather, there is a chance that the sensors on the cars could glitch and provide problems for the passengers; these problems include broken navigation systems and proximity sensors which could leave the car driving aimlessly. This creates even more danger for the passengers. The integration of self-driving cars would force passengers to put their lives in the hands of a computer software instead of their own. In addition, with self-driving cars, people will slowly lose the ability to drive which leaves them helpless in the face of unexpected situations. Not only will there be less people who know how to drive, the number of manually driven cars will have significantly decreased as well.  Though self-driving cars could make society more efficient, there are too many unknown factors within this world that can hinder the safety of the people. 