	In today's society, we are seeing the start of a new era in technology where artificial intelligence (AI) is becoming mainstream, and so is our reliance on them. Examples of this can be found in our homes, social media, everyday retail, and other facets of our lives. 
	Many dystopian books and films would like you to believe that the steady integration of AI is the start of our societal downfall, but this is simply not the case--take self-driving cars for example. For those of you who are unfamiliar, self-driving cars are vehicles that rely on AI to give itself directions and to literally drive itself without any human interaction. 
	In general, this is a great improvement to driving safety as it can provide a much secure form of driving. Humans are easily fallible--they get distracted, they get sleepy, and they can choose to drive while under the influence--which can drastically increases the chance of accidents. Computers, however, are literally unable to succumb to such mistakes and are therefore safer. 
	Additionally, computers are able to communicate with other computers easily, unlike humans who have no form of communication with any of the other drivers in close proximity. This advantage allows computers in self-driving cars to sense each other within seconds and negotiate the road together. 
	However, many people think that if we were to rely on these AI-driven cars, it would become a gradual demise for us. Self-driving cars are hackable. They can be fooled. And they rely on people en masse to "opt-in" and buy their own self-driving cars, otherwise a single self-driving car cannot communicate with a vehicle which cannot "talk back."
	But what these naysayers are forgetting is that all of these downfalls can be remedied with time--we are only seeing the beginning of this new stage in automation. It is a natural process to introduce new technology into society and wait for newer models to come out until it is perfected. By dismissing the new technology in its early stages without giving it the chance to improve with time would be like telling a child to stop practicing at something because they were awful in the beginning. 
	Here is a simple example of how we can slowly rely on technology to assist us: traffic lights. Way before we relied on traffic lights to help guide us through intersections, we had traffic guards to help us. But over time, we allowed ourselves to accept traffic lights, instead of a human, to help us through. And of course, the traffic light wasn't perfect or even similar to the version we have today! It also had a simpler code and fewer systems to help us, but we let it stay up and now we have near-perfect traffic light controls and coordination systems. 
	The point is, the more we work on this technology, the safer it will become, but only if we give it a chance to grow and perfect itself. This is not to say that the negative points aren't valid or accurate observations on the current self-driving cars we have today. But we tend to forget that this is not an indication of what it could be. Of what it could provide for us. And how helpful and much safer it could actually be for us in the long-term. 
        Manufacturers, scientists, and computer scientists alike will develop new software updates to prevent its hackability. Will improve upon its spatial awareness and its adaptability in order for the programs to be fooled as easily. And with further improvement, the more common the technology will become and cause its pricepoint to decrease, which in turn will make self-driving cars much more accessible and allow a wider population to purchase their own.
	There is also the concern about the start of a dystopian-like society. "What if we become too reliant on our technology, and then it decides to just stop working or turn against us?" To that, I say: science-fiction is still science-fiction. Just because we learned how to use a calculator does not mean we have stopped learning mathematics in school. Just because we have the autopilot feature in planes does not mean we do not stop teaching pilots how to fly. And just because we give cars the knowledge of the road does not mean that all of a sudden it is going to drive off without us.
	But I will definitely tell you this: stick shift deserves to become forgotten and buried forever, and if you are one of the few who miss such a time, then maybe self-driving cars were never meant for you to begin with. 